Infinity DEMO Instructions
(C) 2001 Affinix Software
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Date:    March 22, 2001

Contact: Justin Karneges
         justin@affinix.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Description:

  Infinity is a role-playing game that is heavily based on story,
much like the classic Super Nintendo RPGs.  This type of game
hasn't existed on the Game Boy until now.  The demo consists of
about one fourth of what the entire game will be, and should
take roughly 1-2 hours to complete.  The player assumes the role
of Connor, a knight of Selera.  What starts out as a simple
mission turns into a huge adventure with the fate of the world
at hand.  Along the way, Connor meets up with other characters
to aid him in his quest.


How to play:

  After the logo and background fade in, the words "PRESS START"
will appear.  Press the START button and 4 menu bars will slide
in.  The top bar is for choosing a "New game" and the other 3
are for saved games.  There should be no saved games the first
time the game is played (the word "empty" will appear in each
bar), so choose "New game".  Move the cursor with the UP and DOWN
arrows on the Control Pad, and press the A button to make a
selection.

----
Note:
   If we sent you a cartridge, then there may be saved games in
   the save RAM.  Feel free to play from the saved games if you
   want.  The saved games will likely have more items and party
   members, so if you want to get a better overall feel of the
   game, you may want to start from a saved game.  Then maybe
   play from the beginning later.
----

  The game begins with Connor in his bedroom.  This is a story
event sequence, and there will be many more after this one.
During these event sequences, the game takes active control over
the characters in order to unfold the story to the player in a
movie/play like fashion.  Simply press the A button to advance
the text.  When the event sequence is finished, Connor can be
controlled.

  Control Pad:          - Move Connor
  A Button:             - Talk to a character
                        - Search the map (chests, pots, etc)
  Start Button:         - Enter the main subscreen
  Select Button:        - Enter the options subscreen

  At this point, you need to visit the King, as the guard told
you to do.  This should be straight forward.  When you reach
the King, another event sequence will begin.  Good luck!  The
Evil Tree Boss marks the end of the demo.


Using the Subscreen:

  Use the Control Pad Left and Right to switch between the 4
tabbed menus at the top of the subscreen: Ability, Backpack,
Equipment, and Gems.  Use the Control Pad Up and Down to move
within one of the menus.  To cancel, press B.  To get out of
the menu completely, press Start (or just B at a base menu).

 * Ability menu:
     - Select a character by pressing A.  This takes you to
       the Status menu.
     - Reorganize the party by pressing and holding A to drag
       party members around.

 * Backpack menu:
     - Select an item by pressing A
     - Reorganize the items by pressing and holding A to drag
       items around.

 * Equip menu:
     - Select a party member with A.  Choose a slot of equipment
       to change.  If there is nothing available to equip in
       that slot, then an error will sound.  Otherwise, a list
       of equip-able items will appear.  Choose one with A.

 * Gems menu:
     - Enter the menu by pressing A.  Use Up/Down/Left/Right to
       select a gem.  Press B to release the cursor from the gem
       menu.

 * Status menu:
     - Displays the status of a party member.  Press Up/Down/Left
       or Right to select one of the member's skills.  Press A
       to use it (if it can be used from the menu).  Most skills
       are for battle only.

 * Options menu:
     - Press Up/Down to choose an option, and Left/Right to modify
       it.

        "Wait" mode:       Enemies don't move when you have a turn
                           in battle.
        "Action" mode:     Enemies move whenever they are ready,
                           much like a chess game where no one is
                           waiting for their turn to move.

     - The menu colors can be adjusted.  This looks VERY NEAT and
       it is highly recommended that you choose a nice menu color
       that fits your preference.

Battle:

  Battle takes place on an invisible hex-grid.  It takes a bit
getting used to, but is a lot of fun.  After you get the hang of
battle, it is recommended that you go to the options menu and
switch to "Action" mode.

  When it is somebody's turn, the cursor will highlight them.

  Press and hold one of 6 directions: Up, Up/Left, Up/Right, Down,
                                      Down/Left, Down/Right.

  An icon will appear on the space that you are selecting.  If
  it is a circle, then it means you can move there.  If it is a
  sword, it means there is an enemy on that space and you can
  attack it.  Simply press A while holding the Control Pad to
  make the selection.

  That is all that is required to move and attack.  To access the
  rest of the moves, press the A button to bring out the battle
  menu.  Navigate the battle menu by pressing Up/Down/Left or
  Right.  If an option is unavailable, an error will sound.

     []
   []  []   <---- Battle menu
     []

  The top square is for skills, left is gem, right is items, down
  is run.  Skills and items will bring up another submenu so you
  can select one of 4 skills or items.  Make a selection the very
  same way.  Press B to cancel.  Once you have made a selection,
  an icon will jump to the top right.  Some actions require targets,
  and so you must select one.  Others do not, and it will flash
  the lower right portion of the menu to indicate this.  Press
  A to confirm the move.

  In "Action" battle, the move goes into a queue, so you may not
  perform your turn right away.

Gems:

  This demo contains two gems.  The Ruby and Crystal.  You start
with no gems, but you will gain these two by the end of the demo.
They are both battle gems, so they must be equipped to use.  They
are also both activation type, which means they give you some
sort of bonus as long as it remains activated.  The gems only
have a certain amount of charge though, so de-activate the gem
if you don't need it.  To charge a gem, you must ensure nobody has
the gem equipped and then win a battle.

  Gems always start de-activated in battle.  To activate a
character's gem, make sure it is already equipped before battle,
and press A to reach the battle menu and left to choose the gem.
It will appear in the corner of the screen and count down.  To
de-activate, simply press A and choose the gem again.

  The Ruby gem increases the power of fire skills.  This is mainly
useful for Connor, since he has Engulf.

  The Crystal gem makes it so the character cannot die.  As long
as it is activated, you will revive to 12 HP if you go down to 0.


Skills:

  Engulf:    Throw a ball of fire at an enemy.
  Sacrifice: Lose half of your HP to heal your party members.
  Longshot:  Shoot an arrow from far away.
  Tidal:     Cast a wave of water on an enemy.
  Embrace:   Give HP to a party member.
  Wake:      Revive a dead party member.
  Leap:      Perform a long range attack.
  Soulslurp: Drain HP from an enemy.


Have fun!
