Manual Story:

The events of the past shape those of the present, and the sins of our fathers are repaid
in our suffering.  

So is it that two races have fought a vicious war over a centuries-old betrayal.  The
Aluthans and Selerans, once great allies, have now become persecuted and persecutor.  As 
the Aluthans endure the abuses of the conquering Selerans, the Selerans themselves are laid 
low by a life consuming plague.  Amidst the terrible suffering of the world, an ancient evil 
begins to stir.  Now, a handful of heroes, the only ones to realize the great darkness that 
is gathering, must find a way to save their world before it is too late.

Enter the world of Infinity, in which all is not what it seems, and courage may be the only
weapon strong enough to face the foes that are coming.

Character Descriptions:

[I picture each of these going along with a color sketch of the character.  This was used
to great effect in the Final Fantasy 3 manual.  Below the description would be a list of
their skills, and descriptions of their skills -- maybe list two of their skills, and keep
the other two secret?]

Connor:

Age: 27
Height: 5'11"
Weight: 186 pounds
Preferred Weapon: Long Sword

A Seleran knight with the heart of a poet, Connor was sent to Alutha shortly before the war
broke out between the nations.  His grace and kindness touched the heart of the Aluthan
princess Anna, and won the trust of the Aluthan king.  When Connor discovered that his
mission of peace had been but a ploy by King Aldric of Selera, he protested the war
violently and threatened to fight on behalf of the Aluthans.  King Aldric stripped him of 
his titles, and confined him to his home.  Anna, Connor's wife, was among the first to die
in the great plague that afflicted Selera, leaving Connor without rank, title, wife, or
hope.

Ryan:

Age: 19
Height: 5'9"
Weight: 152 pounds
Preferred Weapon: Bow

Ryan is a mercenary for hire, who seems to care only for money.  His dismissive attitude
toward the concerns of others and his biting sarcasm make him a difficult ally at times.
His skill with a bow, however, and his speed in battle counterbalance the personality
clashes that he seems to relish.  Beneath his obnoxious exterior, there may yet be some
care for his friends, but it rarely shows through.

Elya:

Age: 18
Height: 5'4"
Weight: 103 pounds
Preferred Weapon: Staff

Elya is the last remaining apprentice of the Tower of Magi -- she is also the only female
apprentice they have ever had.  Her unbreakable spirit and faith in God have allowed her
to overcome all obstacles placed in her path, but her strict formality and pride make her
seem aloof and distant.  Obsessed with earning the respect of her masters, and proving their
doubts in her wrong, she strives to complete the task they have charged her with.

Victor:

Age: 38
Height: 6'2"
Weight: 235 pounds
Preferred Weapon: Claws

Turned into a werewolf through the curse of lycanthropy, Victor yearns to be a man once 
more.  His skills as a Guide are now complemented by  his incredible physical strength.  The
constant struggle between his human half and wolf half at times leaves him filled with
incredible rage, but he is successful at directing it outward at his foes.

Roland:

Age: 29
Height: 6'
Weight: 194 pounds
Preferred Weapon: Broad sword

Prince of Alutha and leader of its armies, Roland was once a close friend to Connor.  After
the betrayal by Selera, and the defeat of his forces, Roland has lived but for revenge.
His heart burns with hatred, directed toward Connor, whom he feels was the instigator of
Selera's campaign against Alutha.  Now, he feels that revenge is nearly within his grasp,
and will stop at nothing to see it through.

Back of the Box:

INFINITY (tm) is a groundbreaking Role-Playing Game for the GameBoy Color.  In it, a
disgraced knight must overcome his hopelessness and gather together a group of heroes
capable of stopping the coming darkness.

INFINITY (tM) features:
	- Revolutionary item exchange system over infrared
	- An epic plot, spanning twenty dungeons and forty locations!
	- A tactical combat system unlike any other found on ANY SYSTEM
	- New secrets to unlock with each playthrough, promising almost
	  endless replay value
