Scene 0A:
[Starts with a black screen, with "THE PAST" centered.  In the middle of an evil fortress are
three people, a female knight, a male knight, and a male wizard.  They are facing each other.

Woman: Please, my love, you must.

Knight: I cannot.

Wizard: You must!  He has touched us all.  If you allow us to live, we will be turned...you
alone have the strength to endure.

Knight: NO!  Not this.  Anything but this.

Woman: My love, there can be nothing else.  You must return to make sure the world is kept
safe, and we must die to ensure that He does not survive.  You must protect our child.

Knight: My love...

Wizard: Now!  Before it is too late!

Woman: Let your love guide your hand.

(The screen fades to black.)

"THE FUTURE"

Scene 0B:
[This scene is in fact the exact formation of scene 25, in which Roland and Connor face off,
but in black and white.  It then fades to a picture of a tree with a single leaf on it, snow
covering the ground.  (If you can do pictures like that.)  Finally, it fades out, and text
appears.]

"Time moves forward, taking us like leaves in the wind... 
We meet, we brush against each other, and then fall to the earth... 
Longing for the days when we shared a branch together... 
Longing for the spring... 
But all things end..."

Scene 1:
[Follows scene 0B]
[Connor's bedroom, second floor of his house, in Avindale.]

"THE PRESENT"

(Sound of a clock ticking, the screen is slightly darkened.)
(Connor lies in bed, turning restlessly from side to side.)
(Sound of a knock at the door.)

Connor: Anna?  Anna...is that you?

(Another knock.  Connor awakens and gets out of bed.  Screen brightens.)

Connor: No one bothers me any more.  Who could it be?

(Connor walks down to the first floor.  He stands facing the door.  There
is another knock.)

Connor: Who is it?

Voice: Open in the name of the King!

Connor: Just come in and get it over with.

(A guard enters.)

Guard: Sir Connor...

Connor: SIR Connor?  You're mistaken.  I'm just plain, old, common Connor now.

Guard: Sir Connor, in the name of King Aldric, guardian of Selera, beloved of
God, I have come to summon you to Tagel Castle.  

Connor: Tell Aldric there is no Sir Connor here.  Not any more.

Guard: Failure to obey a summons is tantamount to treason, Sir Connor.

Connor: Is that what it has come to, then?  Very well.

Guard: His majesty will receive you in the throneroom.

(Guard exits.)

Connor: SIR Connor.  Hah.

Scene 2:
[Connor has left his house.]
[The mood in Selera is relatively happy.  There are three houses, including Connor's, an 
inn, an armory, and an item shop.  The Inn contains a couple of tables, both of which are 
empty.  The armory sells weaponry somewhat better than what Connor has, but he has no gold 
with which to purchase it.  There is a graveyard in the town.  The majority of the graves 
list casualties in the years between 641 and 643, cause of death is often listed as the 
Plague.  The citizens don't talk about the plague, but instead focus on how things are 
better, though one man complains about the high taxes charged by King Aldric.  On a bluff in 
town, a woman stands staring out into nothing, saying nothing.  A boy nearby says that the 
woman spends almost the entire day there, even the whole night.  Inspecting the graveyard 
reveals a grave for Anna, Connor's wife.  When he reads it, he turns away and whispers her 
name.  The date on the grave is July 17, 641]

Scene 3:
[Arrival at Alutha Castle]
[At the gates to Tagel Castle are two guards.  All the guards within the castle tell Connor
that, "The King awaits your presence in the throneroom."  Within the castles are various
statues of the same model -- in fact, they are Golems made by the creator.  Talking to them
generates, "What a curious statue."  In the castle is a training room, a barracks, and the
main hall.  The main hall contains a door leading to the king's room, to the tower (and
dungeon) and leads to the dais on which King Aldric is normally seated.]

Scene 4:
[Approaches the King]
[Throne Room]

Aldric: So you have come, Sir Connor.  I am glad.

Connor: "A failure to comply is tantamount to treason," my liege.

Aldric: Ahh, and the request of an old friend means nothing?

Connor: Your age is unimportant, your friendship, nonexistant.  It was by your will that I am Connor 
merely, by your will that I have been shamed.  You did not stand by me when my wife died, but looked 
down on me.  I am here, King Aldric, because if I were not, I can only wonder what new torment 
you would lay upon me.

Aldric: You have so much anger in you, Sir Connor...

Connor: If it has flourished, it is because you have nurtured it.

Aldric: Enough!  I am King, and you are my servant.  I know you were fond of the Aluthans, 
and so it is that you might wish to know that they have begun a war with me, with US, if you 
still consider yourself a Seleran.  Our people is small in number, and the northerners can 
feel that, can smell our weakness.  Oh, how they hate us.

Connor: If they hate, it is because you taught them to hate, just as you taught me. 

Aldric: If you had ever but felt the weight of gold upon your brow, Sir Connor...  I am 
wearied by this discussion.  You will return here at midnight, and we shall discuss this 
matter further.

Connor: There is nothing more to discuss, my liege.

Aldric: Is there not?  Golem!

(The "statues" begin walking in place)

Aldric: Behold.  We are few in number, but we have grown mighty.  Here is an army that knows 
no fear, no mercy.  Here is a scourge for the north, which can forever rid us of the 
Aluthans, if I but will it.  Speak to the Creator, if you doubt me.  You will find him in 
the cavern beneath the tower.  Look upon them, think upon them, and return to me at 
midnight.

Scene 5:
[Wandering Tagel, Connor can try speaking to the King (who tells him to go home), to the 
guards (who boast of a sure victory over Alutha), to the golem (which simply say, "I live 
to serve.") or to the guard in the training room, which prompts a series of training 
battles, which can earn the player some money.  In the basement below the tower is the 
Creator and four golems.  Guards bar the player's path up the tower, explaining 
that he cannot pass.  Positioned around him (at diagonals) are four buttons.  The golems 
are all inert until the buttons have been stepped on.  The top-left golem, when his button has been pressed, merely says, "I live to serve."  The top-right golem begins walking in
circles, the bottom left one spins in place, and the bottom right one, when activated, 
announces, "General protection fault!" and attacks.  But when the player first enters the
room, he automatically talks to the Creator, triggering this scene.  This room is has cave
like walls, and rough stone floors.]

Connor: Who are you?

Creator: I am the Creator.  I am...a tinkerer, a toy-maker, nothing more.

Connor: You give life to these things...

Creator: Life?  What is life?  This is but a reflection of life, reflected in but a muddy 
pool.  It is not life.  No, not life at all!  These are just toys.  But what fun toys are to 
play with, do you not agree, Sir Connor?

Connor: How do you know my name?

Creator: You are a great man, Sir Connor, King Aldric speaks of you often.  Yes, often.  
Like a parrot, "Sir Connor," he caws.  Yet you do not know my name!  No, no name, no name 
for me, I am the Creator, nameless, a toy-maker!

Connor: Yes...I suppose you are.

Creator: Come, play with them!  Yet be careful with Alpha Four, he is a bit...mad, kee kee 
kee.

Scene 6:
[Attack by Golem 4]

Connor: Your "toy" nearly killed you!

Creator: A toy kill a knight!  Oh, dear, no!  Had I worried, kee kee, I would have stopped
it.  But you are a great man!  "Connor," he caws.  Kee Kee!  Alpha Four needs to learn to 
protect, not attack, kee kee kee.

Connor: Be more careful in the future.

Creator: Oh, I am, kee kee!  I am already more careful!

Scene 7: EVEPROG=3
[Return home to rest.]
[If the player tries to rest before talking to the Creator, Connor says, "Perhaps I should 
meet this "Creator" before I go to sleep.  After he has talked, he can "talk" to his bed and 
climb in and sleep.]

Scene 8: EVEPROG=4
[Selera at Night]
[Selera at night is a dark and empty place.  The houses and shops are locked, including
the Inn.  A woman stands on the bluff staring into nothing.  Talking to her receives the
answer, "Richard..."]

Scene 9:
[Tagel at Night]
[The guards are still in place, and tell Connor that the King awaits him in the tower.  The
training room is closed, but the Golem pace on.]

Scene 10:
[Talk to the king at the tower.]
[In RPG95, I handled this scene exclusively using tiles.  Basically, you can see the 
mountains to the north, stars above them, and a crescent moon as well.  Aldric is staring 
north.  This is a "prophecy" type scene, so executing it well is important.]

Connor: I am here.

Aldric: Look out with me, Connor.

(Connor steps to stand to the right of the King, and they both look north.)

Aldric: As far as the eye can see are the lands that look to me for protection.

Connor: And beyond are those whose look southward in fear.

Aldric: In fear no longer, Sir Connor.

Connor: Sir, again, King Aldric?

Aldric: You were a good knight, Sir Connor.

Connor: I never wanted to be.

Aldric: We have little choice in this world.  Forces move us, and we must bend before them 
or snap.

Connor: There can be more honor in snapping.

Aldric: You sound like a knight, Sir Connor.

Connor: You sound like a man who has forsaken what he believes in.

(Aldric turns away from Connor.)

Aldric: I have.  I am an old man, Connor, older than you know.  Our people are long lived, 
and the Soul Gem has preserved me.  There are none to follow me, my sons are plague-dead and 
my wife, with no Soul Gem to prolong her, is Beyond as well.  I am an old man and weary of 
hating.  There is a war coming, Connor, a terrible war.

(Connor turns to Aldric.)

Connor: A war of your contrivance!

Aldric: Enough, Connor, enough.  Let me speak.  I let you speak six years ago.

Connor: And then stripped me of my rank.

(Aldric turns to Connor.)

Aldric: Enough!  I do not wish to fight with you!  There is a war between men, but that is 
nothing new.  We have fought for ages, we weak children of God.  But that is not all.  I 
am tied to the Earth, and I can hear its whispering.  There is a darkness stirring, a terrible
darkness.  I fear when it falls, we will need the Aluthans beside us, not against us.

Connor: The Unnamed?

Aldric: Perhaps.  I do not know.  I am no Selera, to face Him if He comes again.  Not alone. 
So I need you to go north, Connor, one last time for me.  The Aluthans have destroyed the 
town of Holbrooke.  I cannot allow them to come further.  I am Guardian of Selera.  So go 
north, my knight.  Go north and speak to the people who were once your friends, convince 
them to turn away from the path of war.  Tell them what you must, promise what you must.

Connor: And if they refuse?

Aldric: Then may God have mercy on them, for I shall not.  

(Aldric walks to the stairs, then turns back.)

Aldric: Good luck, Sir Connor.  I trust you will leave for North Pass tomorrow.  Learn what 
happened at Holbrooke, and make peace for me.

(Aldric walks down the stairs.  Connor stares north a bit longer.)

Connor: For you, Anna.  One last time home, for you.

(Connor walks down the stairs, but the scene remains.  Text appears, standard RPG Prophecy 
Style.)

It was an age of suffering.
War followed plague, and death
stalked the land.
Far in the north lay the hope for peace,
and yet deep in the Earth,
Something dark was stirring.

Scene 11:
[Autoruns after 10]
[Connor is facing the door leaving his house, the next morning.  The town is the same as it
was before.]

Connor: To go north again, after so long...

Scene 12: EVEPROG=5
[Wandering Selera]
[People warn Connor that the North Pass is very difficult to navigate without a guide.  They 
congratulate him on his new rank.  Using money he found in chests while going up the tower, 
he can now buy some new equipment (just one piece of new equipment, though.)  In the Inn is 
Ryan, a guide, and a merchant.  Talking first to the merchant, he will joke about how it 
will be impossible for Connor to get through N Pass, because a horrible monster guards it.  
He says they only barely made it through, and most of his guards died.  People in the Inn 
tell Connor that Ryan is a guide.]

Scene 13:
[Talking to Ryan]

Connor: I need a guide to take me through North Pass.

Ryan: Well, you're out of luck, buddy.  Yeah, I am a guide, but I'm already under contract
with old moneybags over there.

Connor: This is a mission of utmost importance.

Ryan: Blah, blah, blah?  What did you say?  I'm sorry, I didn't quite hear...I was thinking
about how I need to eat, and how I need money to eat.  So could you repeat yourself?

Connor: I'm sure they King will reward you handsomely!

Ryan: Blah blah?  Could you repeat that?

Connor: To hell with you!  I can't believe anyone would be so selfish!

Ryan: Selfish, is it?  Now...let me get this right, because I'm so easily confused.  You want 
me to abandon a man I'm sworn to protect, give up my payment, after having fought my
way through a horde of monsters, all just to help you out?  And you're offering me nothing
to do this?  So...um...who was selfish?

Connor: If I were doing this for myself, it would be different.  This is for Selera.

Ryan: Fancy that!  I'm not a Seleran!  I'm from Freeport.

Connor: Please!

Ryan: Look, I'd love to help you.  You'd love to buy my contract from my boss.  It's that simple.

Connor: Fine.

Scene 13: EVEPROG=6
[Hiring Ryan]
[The player must gain however much money to hire him.  This is obviously based upon how much
gold you have the monsters give, etc.  He should have to fight enough to level up once or 
twice, as Ryan will join at level 3, and Connor is only level 1.  In the original, Ryan was
able to use various "special effect" arrows (fire, poison, and sleep), which made him sort
of like a magic user (though he had to buy these arrows.)  Something analogous might work
well in your game.  The rest of this scene describes what happens after Ryan has been talked
to after his contract has been bought.]

Connor: I bought your contract.

Ryan: Well then, boss, it's a pleasure to help out.  You want to go up through North Pass?

Connor: Yes.

Ryan: Heh.  I'll make it through alive.  I can't make any promises about you.  You seem a
bit slow, ya know?  The pass is filled with monsters, and there's a big one in there, a
wolfman.  He ripped up the three guards moneybags had with him.  Luckily, I gave him one in
the eye and we got away.

Connor: I can handle myself.

Ryan: Sure you can.  That's why you just pleaded with me and bribed me to help you out.
But hey, you're right!  You're a tough guy.

Connor: Let's just go.

Scene 14: EVEPROG=8
[North Pass]
[North Pass consists of going up and down cliffs.  It is an almost entirely "outdoor" dungeon
in that regard.  Perhaps some waterfalls (with hidden caves behind them) would be a nice touch.
I used Healing Urns (urns filled with water that restored HP/MP) throughout dungeons when I
made the game.  They pretty much allowed me to make fairly large dungeons, without requiring
the player to go into a dungeon, level up, leave, rest, go back in, etc.  This sequence starts
as they pass by a particular cave.]

Ryan: That's where we holed up.  Real smart, huh?  It came in at night, once we ran out of
firewood, and killed the others.  Might be stuff worth taking in there.

Connor: Robbing the dead?

Ryan: I like to think of it as repossession.

Connor: You have no morals!

Ryan: Morals?  My moral is this: live and let live.  And if not, put an arrow in their heart
and say good night.  Once you're dead, who cares about morals?  Those guards don't need their
gold.

Connor: Morals are what make us human!

Ryan: Thinking for yourself is what makes you human.  But we aren't a debate club, we're
adventurers, aren't we?  So why don't we go adventure some.

Connor: Hrm.

Scene 15: EVEPROG=9
[North Pass, boss battle]
[They are walking out, when the werewolf jumps down from a cliff.]

Werewolf: Humans!  I...hate...you!

Ryan: It's a cyclops!  Oh, wait, no, it's just a wolfman who's come back to lose his other
eye.

(Battle)

Ryan: Well, my job's done.  So...I'll just leave here, and I'll go claim that big reward
with your King.

(Ryan runs off.)

Connor: Good riddance.

Scene 16: EVEPROG=10
[Kassim Oasis]
[Kassim Oasis is in the desert north of Selera, but south-west of Holbrooke.  Its
architecture and townspeople reflect a more "Arab" feel, as should the music.  There is an 
open marketplace -- at which Hassan will ultimately sell his wares -- and an oasis in the
middle of town.  Townspeople complain about arranged marriages, about Hassan's outrageous
business practices, and about the strange occurences in the fire caverns to the north.  They
warn the player that he'll need water to extinguish the flames in the cavern.  This scene
starts as the player enters.  Hassan stands north of the entry point of the town, a bit
south of the Oasis, facing south.  People in the town should also describe the legend of the
Djinni -- powerful Djinni trapped in Gems by an ancient Sultan, which, if freed, would serve
their liberator.  They should also mention (or one person should) that a strange creature,
half-man, half-wolf, was seen wandering south over the mountains recently.]

Hassan: Welcome to my town, effendi!

(Hassan walks south.)

Connor: YOUR town?

Hassan: Of course, my friend.  They do not call it "Hassan's Oasis" for nothing.

Connor: This is Kassim Oasis.

Hassan: Kassim, Hassan, they are very similar in sound.  The Royal Translators are renowned
for their butchery of our language.

Connor: I see.

Hassan: So what brings you to this opal of the sands, this breeze in the summer?

Connor: I am traveling north to Alutha.

Hassan: To Alutha!  May God watch over you!  The Aluthans are a bestial people.

Connor: Are they, now?

Hassan: Indeed, my friend!  Why, I have heard, from none but the most reliable of the
trustworthy, that their men don't know their fathers and the women are hairier than bears!

(Connor begins driving Hassan backwards, to the edge of the Oasis.)

Connor: My...wife...was an Aluthan.

Hassan: Effendi!  Hassan does not know how to swim!

Connor: Then you may lie with the fishes.

Hassan: EFFENDI!  Please!  Excuse this poor fool!  I must have been tricked by the most 
deceitful of the liars!  Oh, forgive me!  Please, I will make it worth your kindness if you 
but spare me!

Connor: And how is that?

Hassan: A five-percent discount, on all my wares!

Connor: Five-percent?

Hassan: Ayeee!  Ten-percent, my friend, but no higher, or you would better just kill me now,
for drowning is a more noble fate than starving.  But I will also give you this gem, more precious
than water or gold!  The traveler who sold said there were but nine in the whole world, and that
each has its own magical nature.  For free, effendi!  

Connor: Fine.  I'll let you live, Hassan.  But be careful what you say.

Hassan: You are the most benevolent of the kind, the most beatific of the saints, my lord! 
Now I will be hurrying to my store.  Stop by if you have any needs.

Scene 17:
[Fire Caves, the player has reached the end and confronts the Wadji.]
[The Fire Caves are filled with random flames that cannot be passed.  Using water purchased
from Hassan, it is possible to extinguish the flames.  At the end of the cavern is the Wadji 
Gutana, who has two flames on either side of him.]

Gutana: I am the Wadji Gutana.  I have become one with the flames.

Connor: Step aside.  I need to pass through.

Gutana: The flames make my blood boil and my dreams sear my mind.  I feel ecstacy.

Connor: I'll ask you one more time, step aside.

(Flames appear, surrounding Connor.  He looks left, right, down, and then back at Gutana.)

Gutana: You will burn for a thousand years!  Your flesh shall cook and your fat sizzle, your 
hairs shall curl and your eyes turn to fluid.  And above it all I shall dance with the 
flame, twisting, caressing the fire.

Voice: Frost!

(Screen flashes blue, and the fires are extinguished by Elya's magical spell.  Screen pans
northward, to show Elya, facing south.   Gutana turns to face him.)

Wizard: Gutana, once apprentice of the Magi, I have come to bring you back to the Tower.

Gutana: I have become one with the flames!

Wizard: Then, with your flames shall you be extinguished!

(Battle commences, with Elya joining the party.  Perhaps using extra water can extinguish
the fire helpers of Gutana?  Maybe only water or magic can hurt them.  I don't know enough 
about your combat system to know if this is a viable idea.)

Scene 18:
[After the battle.]

Wizard: I am Elya, First Apprentice of the Tower of Magi.

Connor: I'm Sir Connor of Selera.  I've been sent to investigate Holbrooke and to make
peace with the Aluthans.

Elya: Holbrooke is it?  I have business there myself.

Connor: And what would that be?

Elya: There was a great surge of magical energy in that area, strong enough that its 
ripples were felt in the Tower.  The stench of the magic permeates this entire region.  As 
the only Apprentice, I was sent to determine the source of this energy, and deal with it as 
necessary.

Connor: Well then, I could use a wizard at my side.

Elya: And I a knight.  Yet all is not right in this world.  Be wary, knight, as we proceed. 
Even a sword and a spell may not be sufficient.

Connor: I have passed the point where death meant much to me.  If it comes, let it come, I 
am ready.

Elya: I am not, and as long as we are to be companions, I expect you will respect my 
wishes.

Connor: You're safe with me, wizard.

Elya: Very well then.

Scene 19: EVEPROG=11
[The party enters Turren.]
[The town is empty.  All the doors are locked.  Examining the well in the north-western
corner of town generates the message, "A deep, dark well."  Eventually, the party will
descend into the well to reach the caverns beneath Turren.  There is a corpse in the
top-right corner of the map, blocking the path into the Great Wood.  This event begins with 
the party having just entered the map.  The music in Turren should be sad and mysterious.]

Connor: It's totally empty.

Elya: Something is wrong here.  I feel it.  There is fell magic at work.

Connor: The world is an evil place.  That's why we're here, isn't it?

Elya: Keep your sword ready, knight, and you tongue still.

Scene 20: EVEPROG=12
[The party examines the corpse and tries to walk back out to the rest of the town.]

(Sound of an animal roar.  Three werewolves -- weaker than the one in the pass, but still
quite powerful -- approach and attack.)

Connor: What were those things?  I saw one in North Pass earlier...

Elya: They are less than human...and more.  There is a great corruption welling up in the 
world, and this is but one effect.  I sensed horrible pain in them, great anger.  They know 
what they have lost, but do not know how to regain it, and they hate us for our humanity.

Connor: Less than human...were they men once?

Elya: Perhaps.  Let us investigate further.

Scene 21: EVEPROG=13
[The party can now descend into the well (they find a rope hanging in it) which leads them
to the refugee camp established below.  The people of Turren are terrified and speak of the 
curse of God coming to them.  They tell how anyone can become lycanthropic, because it 
spread in ways other than through biting.  They also learn that it is impossible to make it 
through the Great Wood without a Pathfinder.  The only Pathfinder left is Victor, who is ill 
and is confined to the inn.  The mayor begs them for help.  This scene begins when they go 
to speak to Victor.  To get to victor, they must first speak to a woman who is taking care
of him, who tells them that this Victor, the famous Pathfinder.  There is an Inn and item
and weapon shops in the cave, but the prices are very steep.]

(Victor begins turning back and forth in his bed.)

Victor: The...song...

(Victor leaps out of bed and begins turning into a werewolf.)

Elya: Kill him!

Victor: Huumans....

(Battle commences with Victor.  It ends before Victor is dead, however, ending instead after 
a certain amount of damage has been dealt to him.)

Victor: So...much...pain.  I..help me.

Connor: You can speak?

Victor: I...am...who...am...I?

Connor: You are Victor, a Pathfinder of Turren.

Victor: Vic...tor...yes!  I am a human!

Elya: Not any more, Victor.  You're a monster now.

Victor: No!  I'm a human!  Not...an...animal!  I am a human!

Elya: Kill him Connor.  He'll turn.

Connor: No, I won't kill him.  We need you to lead us to Holbrooke, Victor.

Victor: Yes...I will lead you.  Come, let's go!  The little wizard can come to.

Elya: I'll be watching you, Victor.

Victor: Watch all you want.  But just remember...I bite back.

Scene 22: EVEPROG=14 before pushing the corpse, then EVEPROG=15
[To get into the Great Wood, Victor pushes aside the corpse blocking the way.  The Great 
Wood is a maze of paths through trees.  There is a pool of healing water (in other dungeons, 
I would place urns of healing water, which can be used once for complete HP/MP restoration) 
The exit to the Wood is blocked by roots, examining them yields, "These roots are too thick 
to cut through."  At certain crossroads, Victor will claim he is hearing a song, and will 
say which direction it is coming from.  Following these roads will lead to the Evil Tree, a 
standard Tree Demon type character.  A sound (I used sort of a mystically throbbing sound) 
begins, and Steven walks toward the tree.  Roots grow behind the party, blocking them off.  
The party approaches the tree and talks to Victor.]

Connor: Snap out of it, Victor!

Elya: He can't hear you.  He's no longer human.

Victor: Hu....man...

Tree: Human, wolf, man or beast, there is no difference.  All things are but vessels for the 
darkness.  Your world has come to its end.  Fight on, fight on, but for nothing.  You will 
become slaves or you will become corpses, until all the world is awash in suffering.

Elya: I defy you, demon.  The Magi stand firm against the darkness.  Our light is a bastion 
against the darkness, our will a force against the shadow.

Tree: The will of men!  Come, then, test your will now!

(The song ceases.)

Victor: I..am...Victor!

(Battle commences.)

Scene 23:

[Battle complete.]

Victor: Wha...it's like...a horrible nightmare has passed.

Connor: The demon is dead.

Victor: But...I'm still a monster!  Why?  Wizard, why?  Why aren't I healed?

Elya: It's not so simple, Victor.  Lycanthropy is a powerful spell, and it is perpetual.  
It doesn't stop when the caster dies.  It can only be reversed by an even more difficult 
counter-spell.

Victor: Then cast the spell!

Elya: I'm an apprentice, I don't have the power.

Victor: Who does?  How can I be healed?  Tell me!

Elya: Come with me to the Tower of Magi, and perhaps the Archmage can restore you.

Victor: To the Tower of Magi?  So be it!  I would go to Hell if that's what it took.  Life 
isn't worth living as a beast.

Connor: Elya...what was that thing?  In the past few days I've seen horrors that make the 
war between Selera and Alutha pale in comparison.  These creatures...this demon...what is 
happening?

Elya: The Earth is remembering evil.

Connor: Remembering evil?  There's been evil enough in my lifetime!  Wars, murder, betrayal, 
destruction...

Elya: There has been anger, fear, disease...these are natural.  Not evil.  Evil is not hatred, 
it is not terror, and it is not an illness.  It transcends these things.  Evil has but one 
wellspring, and it is a deep and terrible place.

Victor: And where is that, wizard?

Elya: I need to know more first.  We must go to Holbrooke.

Connor: To Holbrooke then, where answers may be found.

Elya: Some answers are best left unknown, Sir Connor.  You will learn more than you wish, I 
fear.

Victor: Whatever it takes!

Scene 24: EVEPROG=16 (after defeating the tree)
[Party enters Holbrooke.  If they try to first enter Durgardt to the north, they are bounced
back, with the message, "Connor: We need to investigate Holbrooke first."]
[Holbrooke has been oddly destroyed.  All of the people are dead -- replaced by charred
skeletons, but all the buildings remain in tact.  All the grass is turned into dead ground
cover (a sort of wasteland) and all the trees are now devoid of leaves, etc.  Clearly all
living things in the town were destroyed, but stones, etc. were left undamaged.  There should
be things to loot from the houses.  It would be good if the corpses were in logical places...
maybe two corpses in front of a bar, with one behind it, etc.  A corpse behind the counter in
the item shop.]

Connor: My God...

Victor: This smell is horrible...

Elya: The smell is worse when you can perceive changes in the ether.  A horrible thing has 
been done here.

Victor: Obvious enough, wizard.

Elya: No, not the killing.  That is horrible in its own way.  But not the killing.

(Elya approaches a skeleton.)

Elya: These people were killed by magic.

Victor: You killed monsters with magic, beasts who were once men.

Elya: Different, again.

(Elya presses his hand to his head.)

Elya: Terribly different.  This is not magic of our variety.  It...is a darker sort.
Perhaps an older sort, practiced when our race believed in many bloodthirsty gods.  This is
death magic here, human sacrifice.

Victor: Explain yourself.

Elya: Not now, not here.  I need more answers.

Connor: Are you sure you want them?

Elya: No, no I'm not.  But the other Magi will.  It came from the north.  From the 
Aluthans.

Connor: Well then, our paths remain together.

Victor: And I stay with you, wizard.

Elya: Like a dog on a leash.

(Victor charges toward Elya.)

Connor: Stop it!  There's been enough killing here.  More than enough.  Let's go.

Scene 25:
[The party enters Durgardt.]
[Durgardt is a walled fortress in the frozen wastes of the north that guards the pass between 
Seleran territories and Aluthan territories.  The walls can be climbed by means
of ladders on the interior of the northern wall.  There is a keep in the middle, the top
of which can be reached from the norther wall.  This keep is not visible from the point of
entry -- only the gateway really is.  On top of the keep is the Geist Cannon.  Design it
however you wish.  I used two large statues with a pentagram in the middle, but that was a
matter of lacking my own tiles.  It should be relatively immobile (like it's not a standard
Age of Sails vintage cannon or something, nor a tank.)  Four guards stand outside the gate.]

Guards: Selerans!

(Battle music begins to play and the guards rush toward the pary.)

Voice: Hold.

(Battle music stops.)

Voice: I'll handle this, men.

(Walking out of the gate is Roland.)

Connor: Roland.

(Connor rushes toward Roland, Roland slaps him back.)

Roland: What are you doing here, Connor?

Connor: Are we not brothers, Roland?  Don't you remember our pledge?

Roland: Pledge?  What are words, compared to blood?  You will die here today.

Connor: Die?  Roland, what are you doing?  I'm here on a mission of peace.

Roland: You came here eight years ago on a mission of peace...or have you forgotten?  Your honeyed 
tongue convinced us all, my father, my sister...oh God, Anna.  Have you forgotten so quickly, you
Seleran dog?  You came here, you smiled and whispered...you praised and embraced me.  We studied
the sword side by side.  And then you took Anna, took her to die of a plague on foreign soil.  To
be buried in the filth of Selera.  Took her to never see her home again, never see her brother, to
never laugh again, to never run through the meadows again.  Have you forgotten?

Connor: I will never forget Anna, Roland.  You forget her if you think she would want this.  Do
you believe she would have smiled as you razed Holbrooke?  Do you think she would laugh as you
threatened me?  She loved me, Roland, and I her!

Roland: Did you love her when Selera brought the sword to Alutha?  Did you love her when our women
were dishonored?  Each one of those women loved someone, a father, a brother, a husband.  Did you love
her when they beat me?  I loved her then.  I held her memory close, like a thorn in my heart.  I
remember her face, and then I think of what you did to her, how you killed her.

Connor: We were brothers once, we are brothers still.

Roland: You lost the right to call me brother when you took her away.  Now draw your sword and face
me as a man, or turn tail like a dog.  It matters little to me.  Either way, your pride dies here.

Connor: You still think this is about PRIDE, Roland, that this is about HONOR?  It stopped being a
matter of honor after what my people did to yours, after what you did to Holbrooke.  This is about
LIFE and DEATH, Roland, nothing else.

Roland: Then die, Seleran.

(Battle commences.  Roland defeats Connor.)

Roland: Pathetic.  I hardly...broke...a sweat.

Connor: Kill me.  I'm ready to join Anna.

Roland: No.  No, you have a message to bring to your King.  Get up.

(Connor stands.)

Roland: Follow me.

(Roland walks off.  It becomes a player controlled sequence.  The doors of the castle are all
locked.  His companions urge him to follow, the guards mock him.  He follows Roland, who leads him
to the Geist Cannon.)

Roland: Beautiful, isn't it?

Connor: What is this?

Roland: Death for death, Roland.  Death for death.  The Geist Cannon takes life twice.  Watch,
watch closely, for Aldric will wish to hear of this.

(Roland turns north.)

Roland: Bring the Seleran!

(A man is brought forward between two guards, and is forced into position in the Geist Cannon.)

Roland: Fire!

(The cannon activates, turning the man into a skeleton.  A ball of fire shoots forth.  The screen
follows it, and then the screen switches to the overworld map, following the ball as it streaks
south to a forest south of Holbrooke.  It expodes, burning the entire forest to the ground,
leaving it a scorched wasteland.  The screen returns to the castle.)

Roland: You have seen it now, my answer to your King.  You may have come in peace, but leave now for
war.  There will be no peace, only vengeance.  Tell Aldric that he may hide, that he may flee, but we 
will follow his people to the ends of the Earth.  Tell him of the suffering that will come.

(Fade to black.)

Scene 26:

[Immediately after]
[The scene is the throne room.  The party stands before King Aldric.

Connor: ... "death for death," he said.

Aldric: So it comes to this.  The darkness I felt is within us, not the Earth.  This evil is man
made.  Three hundred years ago, Alutha killed Selera, and now his progeny has come to finish the
evil he began.

Connor: They have come not to fulfill that sin, but rather because of the sins we have committed
against their people for the last three centuries.  It is your persecution of them, for that old
legend, that has brought this war!

(Suddenly the room begins shaking and there is a sound of an explosion.  Music changes to a
desperate tune and a guard rushes in)

Guard: Your majesty, we are under attack!

Aldric: The Geist Cannon?  Already?  Send the Golem!  All of them!

Guard: It is the Golem who have attacked, your majesty!

Aldric: What?!

Guard: We are betrayed...

(The guard collapses.)

Victor: I smell...decay.

Aldric: Disaster upon disaster.  You must take the Soul Gem from my room and flee.

Connor: My duty is here.  I am a Knight of Selera.

Aldric: And so your duty is to me!  I order you to take the Soul Gem and flee!

Connor: Not now...I am not a coward.

Aldric: In the name of God, Connor, GO!  There is a secret passage behind the bookshelf in my
room.  Hurry!

(The party is now player controlled.  The tower is locked, as is the exit from the main hall.  
Only the King's room is open.  As the players enter, the screen pans back to Aldric.)

(The Creator enters from the south, a guard rushes in his path.  The Creator raises his hand, and
a ball of fire shoots forth and kills the guard.)

Creator: The little King on his mighty throne!  See how it trembles!

(The castle shakes again.)

Creator: The Soul Gem shall be mine, kee kee kee.

Aldric: You'll find I'm harder to kill than a mere guard.

Creator: Oh!  Kee kee!  Are you?  Not to me!  No, no!

(Aldric raises his hands over his head and a sphere of energy begins shimmering in front of him.
The Creator does the same.  The screen pans right back to the door, and then transitions into the
King's room.  A scream is heard.)

Scene 27:

[Taking the Gem.]
[The King's room is nicely appointed, with a bed, a bookshelf, a table and chairs, a map, etc.
There is a pedestal with a crystal on it.  Trying to leave the room generates the message,
"Connor: We can't go back out there.  Not now."]

Elya: I had heard of the Soul Gem...but I never thought I'd see it.  It is magnificent.

Victor: It's a rock.

Elya: To you, a rock.  But when you can feel its energy, comprehend its essence...

Victor: It's still a rock.  Take it and let's go.

(The player takes the crystal and proceeds through the secret passage behind the bookcase.  [The
bookcase slides aside when "talked" to.]  As they go through, the floor to the tunnel suddenly
collapses, plunging them into the sewers.)

Scene 28:
[Fallen into the sewers]
[The sewers are filled with moss, dripping water, and cracked stone floors.  There are large
canals (presumably where the sewage is flowing) which can be lowered or raised with switches.
I used gargoyles with fountains below them to fill / empty, telling you whether the water was
raised or lowered for the switch you were flipping.  Thought that worked well.  Might be cool
if you could make this a sort of puzzle section.  This scene starts with them all fallen, then
standing up.]

Connor: I knew the Creator and his Golem were evil.

(Elya walks toward him.)

Elya: Creator?  Golem?  Your King used that word, "golem."  What was he referring to?

Connor: Statues, given life.

Elya: What?

(Elya begins pushing Connor backward, toward the water.)

Elya: Your King allowed WHAT?

Connor: The Creator came to Selera and constructed beings called Golem...an entire army of them.

Elya: You fools!  That violates the most basic tenet of the Magi: life shall never be created.

Connor: And why is that?

Elya: FOOL!  Life must come from life!  For an army to be made, an army must be slain.  How could
your King sanction such slaughter?

Connor: Slaughter?

Elya: For each new life, there must be a life taken.  How many hundreds did your King kill?

Connor: Kill...oh God...the plague...

Elya: This "Creator" whom your King has aided is none other than Kraith, a mage exiled from our
Tower for his studies in the creation of life.  In fact, I was sent to investigate the matter in
Holbrooke, because the energy there bore patterns remarkably similar to his.  Now I see this evil
runs deeper.  How many have been sacrificed on the altar of this war of yours?  How many more will
die?

Connor: Life...for life?  Are the spirits...

Elya: Trapped inside the "Golem."  Forever.  Yet there is likely little left of them, under his
spells and, beneath the suffering he has put upon them.  Hundreds of souls twisted into weapons.
Your King is no better than the wielders of the Geist Cannon.

Victor: Wizard, we are trapped in a sewer.  Your may have a sense for magic, but I have one for
smell.  I don't want to sit around in this filth.  Finish your whining when we get out of here,
or there will be three more lost souls for this Creator.

Connor: He's right.  But...Anna...Anna...

Victor: Pull yourselves together!

(The party assembles, and traverses the dungeon.  They face an overgrown lizard of some kind at
the end.)

Scene 29:
[After exiting the sewers.]
[They are east of Tagel castle, just outside the moat.]

Connor: Golem to the west, water to the east and south...

(Suddenly a boat arrives from the east, pulling on shore.  Out of it steps Ryan.)

Ryan: Well, boss, looks like I showed up just in time.  Seems that your oh-so-important quest
didn't come together too well?

Connor: Ryan!?

Ryan: None other!  Your King stiffed me on the reward, so I figure we can work out an agreement
here.  I think all of your money sounds quite reasonable, don't you?

Vincent: How about I don't rip your head off, and you give us a ride?

Ryan: Woof woof?  How about I step back on my boat and you get stuck kenneled in a town that is
about to get destroyed?

Elya: You scoundrel.

Ryan: I'm about to save your lives.  I think that makes me something more than a scoundrel.  
But...just so that I don't prove you wrong and hurt your feelings...

(Ryan turns around.)

Connor: Wait!  Take the money!

(Ryan turns back.)

Ryan: Now that's more like it!  All aboard!

(Ryan enters the boat, as do the others.)

Scene 30:
[The boat sets sail and comes to shore north-west of Freeport.]

Ryan: All right, here's your stop.

Connor: Where are we?

Ryan: Away from Selera.  You'll find my old stomping grounds to the south of here, might be able
to find a bite to eat at the Inn there.  I'm sure you'll scrape some change together.

(The party steps off the boat.)

Ryan: Later!

(The boat sails off, heading north.)

Victor: So now what?

Elya: We need to get to the Tower of Magi.  They must know what has happened.

Victor: You don't need to tell me that!  Every time I see my claws, my fur, I know we need to get
there!  But what are you going to do?  Summon us a boat?

Connor: Ryan told me he was from Freeport.  That must be his "old stomping grounds."  We can go
there and hire a boat to take us to the Tower.

Scene 31:
[Within the pirate's lair.  Obviously a lot happens between scene 30 and 31, but it's not really
scripted.  Basically, the party finds out that all the boats have been stolen by the dread pirate
Red Arrow.  (His color should be based on whatever color the Ryan character is.  If he's green,
call him Green Arrow, etc.)  The townspeople are hopeless because without their boats, they
cannot fish or ship goods.  A townsperson should mention Ryan by name, saying that he was 
"always a nuisance" or something.  The player then looks around the island, will find the pirate 
lair, and enter.  I was thinking Pirate's Lair could be booby trapped, maybe puzzles and stuff, 
but that's just me.  They reach the room with the boats (this might look cheesy, cause the boats 
will be so small, but hopefully it won't look horrible...) and...]

(Red Arrow, who is basically just Ryan in a mask, steps out, with 4 henchmen.)

Red Arrow: That's far enough, throw down your weapons and leave.

Connor: You need to return the ships to Freeport.

Red Arrow: You need to realize when to back down, tough guy.

Victor: To hell with this talking!

(Victor rushes at them, starting the fight.  The battle commences, the party wins.)

Scene 32:
[Immediately after]

Red Arrow: Calm down guys!

(Red Arrow pulls of his mask.)

Red Arrow: I wasn't actually gonna attack you or anything.

Connor: Ryan?!

Victor: You...son of a...

Ryan: Hey...who's the dog here?  I wouldn't go insulting my lineage if I were you!

Elya: It little matters whether you are Ryan, or Red Arrow, or any other name.  You will give us
the ships now, or we'll dispose of you and your little band of thieves.

Ryan: Ooh, now even the little girl wants to talk the talk.  If not for dog-face there, we woulda
sent you to kingdom come...

Connor: Enough, Ryan.  We need your ship.  Return the others, and take us to the Tower of Magi.
Time is of the essence.

Ryan: Yeah, fine, you win!  Happy?

(Fade out.  The next scene is them sailing toward the wizard's isle.)

Scene 33:
[They stop on the coast of the Wizard's Isle.  The party disembarks.  Ryan has joined the party.]

Ryan: So now what?

Elya: We're here now, we have the Soul Gem, all will be well.  You will be cured, and the Magi
will be stirred to deal with this terrible calamity.  The tower is to the east.  We'll need to
pass through the Cave of Shadows to get through.

Ryan: Why didn't you guys think to build your tower in a place that DIDN'T require an absurd
amount of work to get to?

Elya: Because then people like you might stop by.  

Ryan: Most people can settle for a "Do Not Disturb" sign, not some Cave of Shadows.

Victor: Enough!  Let's go!

Scene 34:
[Talking to the Archmage.]
[Again, obviously a lot passes between 33 and 34.  They go through the Cave of Shadows, a dungeon
that I did not initially include in the outline.  I would envision it as a place in which you can
only see for a short distance around you, giving it a maze-like quality.  It might be interesting
if the same rules applied to battle (granted, not to the enemies.)  It's in the script now to
have more 4-character party sections and to elongate the game.  After the party gets through the
dungeon, the arrive at the Tower of Magi.  The other Magi are exclusively men.  They are somewhat
shocked that Elya returned, but generally very happy.  They tell her she's the best apprentice
yet, etc.  The ArchMage can be found at the highest level of the tower.  The tower schould be
laid out in a manner akin to a dungeon, because later in the game it will become one.  I would
put some treasure chests behind locked doors, which would be broken down when the Golem attack.]

Elya: Master, I have returned.

ArchMage: Yes, that is obvious.  I presume this means you have failed?

(Elya turns away.)

Elya: No.  I have succeeded.  And perhaps, that is more terrible now than failure.  Kraith lives,
and has destroyed Selera.  Moreover, the Aluthans have acquired a weapon of unthinkable power,
called the "Geist Cannon."  Utilizing a form of necromancy, it can kill one man and use his life
force to destroy a massive area.

ArchMage: This sounds...unlikely to me.  No such weapon could be created.  Not without the aid
of a great Master Wizard.

Elya: Please, master, believe me.

ArchMage: I believe that you THOUGHT you saw such things, Elya.  But there is a reason why never
have we had a female Mage.  Your senses are easily disturbed.  I understand how emotional trauma
could lead you to feel such things...such is your weakness.

Elya: Master, I know what I saw.

Connor: She's telling you the truth!

ArchMage: Ah, a layman seeks to tell me about magic.  Perhaps next I could instruct you in
swordplay?

Ryan: You know what?  I didn't see this Geist Cannon, but I did see some big men made out of
rock attacking Selera.  And you've got a man with a dog's face right in front of you.  Don't 
stick your head in the sand.

ArchMage: There is evil abroad, and within.  Yet it is only when disaster is near that we must
be cautious.  The man who is cautious when times are safe is a coward.  He who is trusting when
the times are perilous is a fool.  I am neither.  I will send a Mage to investigate this matter,
and he shall determine if what you say is true.

Elya: If you doubt me...look at this!

(Elya throws the Soul Gem on the floor between them.)

ArchMage: The Soul Gem!?

Elya: Kraith sought it in Selera.

ArchMage: You saw his face?

Elya: No.

ArchMage: Then I shall send a Mage to determine the truth.

Elya: NO!  Why don't you believe me?

ArchMage: You are an apprentice.

Elya: Then let me...let me take the trials now!

ArchMage: No apprentice has survived the trials in ten years, Elya.  And they were stronger than
you!  You are too ambitious.  Bide your time.  Your kind is not well suited to magic.

Elya: NO!  I will die if need be, and prove the truth in my blood!  But you cannot wait, not now.
Let me take the trials now!

ArchMage: Very well then.  You know where to begin.

Connor: What's going on, Elya?

Elya: I am going to become a Mage now, no longer an apprentice.

Ryan: Riiiight.  Well, best of luck to ya.

Victor: What about me?  I need to be cured of this curse!

ArchMage: If Elya succeeds, she and I will perform the incantation.

Elya: Enough!  I must go now!

Scene 35:
[Elya faces the Empty Soul at the end of the trials.]
[Again, a lot has passed.  After Scene 34, the party becomes simply Elya alone.  She has to go
through the trials, which I envisioned is a lot of puzzles, but it can be handled however.  I
would put a lot of magic restoring points in the dungeon, so that Elya can use her spells, etc.
At the end, she's about to leave, when Exanima(some kind of demon) appears.  The dungeon for the
trials is below the first floor of the tower.]

Elya: What...are you?

Exanima: I am Exanima, the eater of souls.  I have been fatted off the children that have been
sent my way.  It has been long since they have fed me...I appreciate your coming.  I have not
yet dined on a female soul.

Elya: The other apprentices...

Exanima: One by one, they found their way to me.  And one by one, I ate them whole, both body and
soul.  It was quite a feast, course after course of dishes...truly a magical experience.

Elya: You beast!

Exanima: Demon, really.

(Battle commences.)

Scene 36
[Speaking to the Archmage again]
[Elya leaves the trials, returns to talk to the Archmage.  Her class has been changed to Mage,
rather than apprentice, and she should acquire one or two new abilities.  (Maybe change her old
spells to more powerful versions if that's easier.)]

Elya: It is done.

ArchMage: How...can...this be?

Elya: There was a demon at the end of the trials, a creature called "Exanima."  It was killing
the others when they went through.  Each time you sent a boy to become a master, he was killed,
and the beast grew stronger.

ArchMage: So it was strongest...

Elya: When I faced it.  Do you doubt me still?

ArchMage: No...no, I cannot now.  You are truly a Mage.

Victor: Ahem...

ArchMage: Ah yes.  Elya, come here.

(Elya stands beside the ArchMage.  They raise their hands, the screen flashes, and Victor is
restored to human form.  As a human, he loses the Howl ability, but should pick up some others.
He also gains the ability to equip claws.)

Victor: At last!

Ryan: Aw...now who are we gonna feed our scraps to?

(Victor turns on Ryan.)

Connor: Stop!  All right.  What are we going to do?

Elya: We need to find Kraith.

Victor: No.  First, I need to go home.  My people need my help.

Connor: Fine, we'll take Victor home, then see what we can do to capture Kraith.  I have... 
something to tell him when next I see him.

Ryan: Then it's back to my ship ... I guess that means back through your little cavern.

ArchMage: Not really.

(There is a flash of light, and the party stands on the shore.)

Ryan: Hey, I could get used to that kinda service, if I didn't love the sea air so much!  Now
let's go!

Scene 37
[Arrival at shore.]
[Ryan's boat automatically takes them to the north-western shore near Turren.]

(As soon as the party disembarks [minus Ryan] the ship leaves.)

Victor: Why did anyone ever trust that scoundrel?

Elya: What shall come, shall come.  Kraith may yet be near Selera.  For now, let us return
you to your home.

Scene 38
[Talking to the Mayor under Turren.]
[No one is left in the caverns, except for the mayor.]

Mayor: They...all...turned...you're...too...late...

Victor: No!  We killed the demon!

Mayor: Too...late...all the people have turned...they are all gone.

Victor: NO!

Mayor: Now...even I am...too weak.

(The Mayor turns into a werewolf, battle commences.  The party wins.)

Victor: There's nothing left for me.  Nothing.

Connor: Revenge.  Revenge is always left.  Now Kraith owes us all a debt, and the interest will
be steep.

Elya: Let's go.

Scene 39:
[Arrival in Kassim Oasis]
[The party cannot enter the Great Forest -- Victor refuses.  Hence, they must travel through
the Fire Caves, which are now empty, to reach Kassim Oasis.  The Aluthan army is stationed in
the Oasis, and wounded soldiers lie everywhere.  The Geist Cannon is in the middle of the town.
The townspeople are gone.  Houses should be damaged, but not destroyed.  The Geist Cannon was
not used on Kassim -- the villagers fled.  In fact, Hassan will be met later.]

Roland: Connor!  So...the wheel turns full circle, and now I am ground once more into the dirt.

Connor: What are you talking about?

Roland: You know too well.  These Seleran Golem are immune to the Geist Cannon.  They do not
live, and unliving, cannot be affected.  What irony.

Connor: The Golem are not Seleran, Roland.  They belong to ...

Solider: Prince Roland!

(Golem rush in.)

Roland: They are my enemies too!

Connor: Then we fight together once more...brother.

(Battle commences.  There are a series of battles, increasingly difficult.
Each victory nonetheless leaves the party closer to the Geist Cannon, which the Golem seem to
have as their target.  After however many victories...)

(The Creator enters from the south.)

Roland: You...?  Are you here to save us once more?

Kraith: Save you?  Oh, princeling, kee kee!  You are such a fool, so blind, so blind.  Look at
the beautiful death that surrounds us.  Look at the wonderful slaughter you have created!  Kee!
Now it is your turn to join the others.

Connor: You know him, Roland?

Kraith: Kee kee!  Knight and prince, and little wizard too!  All here, kee kee kee!

Connor: You...you...I....

Kraith: The little knight is tongue tied?  Am I evil?  Oh ho ho ho ho!  No no!  Not evil, kee
kee!  Just me!  And now...

(Another Golem walks on and attacks.  This golem is listed in the outline as GolemOmega, he's
the boss faced in the Wizard's Tower and he is also responsible for driving the party back when
they are defending Alutha.  Battle commences, but it is clear that Omega cannot be beaten and
the party is forced to retreat back to the Fire Caves.  As they are running, the Creator yells
one last insult.)

Creator: I'll see you in Alutha!  Kee kee kee!

Scene 40:
[Immediately after, in the Fire Caves.]

Roland: God curse his soul!  Betrayal upon betrayal!

Connor: So now you see what your hatred has brought you to, Roland.  Now we all suffer the
consequences of your wrath.

Roland: I haven't forgotten my vengeance yet, Connor, not yet.  

Elya: This is not the time.  We must stand united now.  This is humanity against demons, and 
smaller feuds are drowned out in the greater strife.

Victor: Enough talk!  Let's regroup, and attack!

Elya: Attack?  No, Victor.  Your blood has not yet cooled, despite my spell.  Use your mind.
We are ruled by reason, not emotion, we are humans, not beasts.  We cannot defeat Kraith, not
now.  We must warn Alutha of the impending attack.

Roland: For what?  For what!  The Geist Cannon will make short work of any defense we can hope
to muster!

Elya: Perhaps, perhaps.  Yet better they be warned.

Connor: She's right.  Let's move.

Scene 41:
[The party leaves the Great Wood.]
[A ford has been added to the river south of the Great Wood.]

Connor: That ford!

Roland: They've cut past us.  We need to hurry!

Scene 42:
[The party enters Durgardt.]
[There are dead bodies -- but not skeletons, as there were when Holbrooke was destroyed.]

Roland: No...we're too late.  They've used the Geist Cannon.

Elya: No, I don't sense the energy I felt before.  And look, these men were killed by physical
means, not magic.  Yet we must hurry nonetheless.

(The party passes through Durgardt.  They can find some stuff in chests as they go.  Maybe
some Golem were left behind to guard, up to you.  I would say no, because there is a dungeon
immediately after.  They should be able to rest or be healed somehow in Durgardt.  Also, they
have already just fought through the Great Wood again.)

Scene 43:
[Speaking to the King of Alutha.]
[A lot has passed, again.  The party has journeyed through the mountain pass dungeon, which
might include things like sliding on ice, sliding down slopes, etc., standard "icy mountain"
type RPG dungeon stuff.  They can then enter Alutha (the town) if they want, but there's no
one there.  All the houses are locked and abandoned, or you can make them open and put loot
in them if you want.  Within the castle, they find the people of Alutha.  The guards are
ecstatic to see that Roland has survived, and greet him with phrases like, "With you at our
front, perhaps we stand a chance after all!" and "Thank God you're alive!"  The townspeople
holed up in the castle are considerably more pessimistic ("We're all doomed..." "Those Golem
can rip a man limb from limb!"  Generally, there should be enough info to clue the player in
that the Golem attacked, were repelled, and withdrew.  This scene starts in the throne room.]

King: Connor, my boy!  You have returned to Alutha at last!

Roland: Your first words are for Connor, and not me?

King: Roland, still your heart.  This is a time for rememberances.  I fear we will have little
left to remind us of what we once were when the wave crashes once more.

Roland: So the Golem have arrived?

King: A night ago.  We defeated them...barely.  They will return soon, I fear.

Elya: Was Kraith with them?

King: Kraith?

Roland: The man who called himself "The Creator."

King: Yes.  He was at their rear, mocking, laughing his terrible laugh.

(The castle suddenly shakes.)

Connor: History repeats itself...

(A guard rushes in.)

Guard: They have returned.  The Creator wishes to parlay at the gate.

King: Very well.

(The party and the King walk to the wall overlooking the gate.  This obviously involves
several screen transitions, so if you engine can't really run events between scenes, you can
just do a fade in / fade out to the wall.  Kraith stands at the gate.)

Roland: Archers could kill him where he stands!

Elya: Doubtful.  His arts are quite numerous and quite powerful.

Kraith: KING OF ALUTHA!

King: I hear you, dog.

Kraith: Dog!  Kee kee!  A loyal dog I am not, not to you, no, kee kee, I shall bite your hand
if you try to feed me again!  But loyal am I to another, kee kee!  To me!

King: What do you want?

Kraith: The castle!  Leave, but leave, just leave is all!  Kee kee!  Walk, walk, walk away and
stay, and live to last another day!  The castle is all you need to give, Kingling!

King: Why should I trust you?

Kraith: Trust!  Kee kee!  Fear me, that's enough!  Open and flee, or stay and die.

King: We will not surrender!

Kraith: Kee kee kee!  More blood then!

(Kraith withdraws, and Golem rush toward the gate.)

King: Quickly, you must help guard the gate.

(The King heals the party, I suppose.)

(The party moves to guard the gate.  I envision this sequence as being very much like the
defense of that castle in FF2, where the party fall back after each battle.  So, after the
first battles.)

Roland: Damn, there're too many coming.  We need to hold them at the next door.

(So the party falls back to the next door, fights some more battles.)

Connor: We can't hold this door any longer.  Your father must be protected.

(The party falls back again, fights another round of battles, this time holds the door.)

Victor: They're falling back!  Ha!

Elya: While we have a moment, let me heal our wounds.

(Elya heals the party.  Sounds of heavy steps, the screen shaking slightly after each step.  In
walks Golem Omega.)

Roland: Not again!

(They fight Omega, after a time, Golem Omega flees.  They don't kill it.  In terms of "after a
time" I would say after a certain amount of damage has been done to Omega.  So you can lose
the fight be dying, but you can't kill GO.)

Victor: Ha!  Even that Golem can't stop us!

Elya: No...we hardly scratched the thing.  Something is wrong.

(The King and the remaining guards enter.)

King: You have saved us!

Elya: Perhaps...

Roland: You think the Geist Cannon?

Connor: No, he could've used that with the Golem here.  He didn't want to kill us...he just
wanted something in the castle.

King: No....guards!  Check the crypt!

(A guard rushes off.)

Roland: What is it, father?

King: Three hundred years ago, a war was fought with a terrible demon, whose name was so foul
it could not be spoken.

Connor: The Unnamed.

King: Yes.  Three warriors emerged to combat the Unnamed: Alutha, Selera, and Gilus.  They
fought many battles, eventually facing the demon in its island castle, the Great Dark.  Though
they killed the Unnamed, its taint had infected them all.

Elya: What do you mean?

King: The Unnamed was so powerful, it could implant its soul within their bodies.  So long as
any portion of its soul remained, it would endure.  Gilus and Selera knew that their people
lived too long to control the dark soul within them.  By the time they died natural deaths,
they would be wholly under the control of the Unnamed.  Alutha alone was strong enough, and
short-lived enough, to survive the possession.  Thus, it was up to him to return to the world
and to keep its people ever vigilant.  In his name have we Aluthans endured suffering, always
keeping courage close to our hearts and swords close to our hands.

Connor: What does that all mean?

(The guard returns.)

King: You will see.  You will learn.

Elya: Some things...

Guard: The corpse of Alutha has been taken!  The rest of the crypt has been desecrated.

King: I suspected as much.  I knew it.

Roland: What, father?

King: Kraith is a servant of the Unnamed.  The evil that remains trapped in Alutha's body may
allow him to bring the Unnamed back to our world.

Victor: How can a corpse help him?

King: I don't...

Elya: A corpse can't.  A living body can.  And with the Soul Gem, Kraith will be able to
restore Alutha's body to a mockery of life.  And with that body, and that Gem, and his already
substantial magical arts, he will be able to draw the Unnamed into the body and unleash him
once more upon the world.

Connor: Damn it!

King: All our suffering...for nothing.

Victor: So we've lost...

Elya: No.  I said WITH the Soul Gem.  It seems you have forgotten that the Soul Gem is not in
Kraith's possession.  The Magi guard it.  And our tower is impregnable to attack.  A magical
barrier can be raised to guard it from entry.

Victor: Plus there's that stupid cavern.

King: You must protect the Soul Gem!

Roland: But...what about Alutha?  What about our people?

King: My arms are not so tired that I cannot still raise a sword in defense of my home.  Go,
my son.  I shall make sure there is life here yet when you return.  You ensure that our battle
here is not in vain.

Connor: To the Tower, then!

Scene 44:
[Leaving the castle]
[Ideally, I'd like the castle to sustain some damage after the battle, rubble here and there,
parts of walls missing, etc.  Maybe this opens up some new treasure, I dunno.  Also, the icon
of the castle should be changed accordingly.]

(Ryan's boat pulls up to shore, and Ryan steps out.)

Victor: Well, well, well.

Ryan: Hey guys...I hope everything's going well?

Connor: You vulture!  Every time disaster strikes, there you are.

Ryan: You could say the same thing about any hero, couldn't you?  After all, how is it that you
end up at every battle?  I just come by -- like a doctor -- to help fix things up afterwards.
And right now, it seems like things could use some fixing.

Elya: So how much are you going to demand this time?

Ryan: Oh..you pierce my heart, really.  I'm doing this from the goodness of my heart.  And my
heart needs energy from food...and food costs money.

Victor: A twerp like you can't eat much!

Ryan: Fair enough, but not all of us can subsist on dog food.

Victor: Why you....!

Connor: STOP!

Roland: This is your band of heroes, Connor?  Really...I thought you could do better.  You must
have lost some of your charm.

Ryan: Ya know what they say?  When you're saving the world, it's okay to take a dogman with 
you.

Victor: I'll KILL YOU!

Ryan: Aww...I bet your bark is worse than your bite...

(Elya raises her hands and there is a flash of light.  Everyone turns to her.)

Elya: No more.  We go now to the Tower of the Magi.  The great tapestry of the world is
unravelling while you bicker like children.

Ryan: Can't you do that little teleportation trick?

Elya: No, such are not my arts.

Victor: And who'd want to miss the sea air, anyway?

Ryan: Hey, I might get to like you after all, Rover!

(The party gets on the ship, and sails to the Tower of Magi.)

Scene 45:
[The boat lets them off on the island.]

Ryan: I'll wait here.

Victor: Uh-uh.  I don't trust you.

Ryan: Oh, so what are you gonna do?  Really?  Try and make me stay?  Need I remind that I have
a crew of bloodthirsty pirates...

Elya: Who we beat easily last time we faced them.  But we'll trust you this time, Ryan.  If
you're not here when we come back, I'll get the ArchMage to teleport an knife -- right into
your head.

Ryan: He...he...he can do that?!?!

Elya: Just test him, if you doubt it.

Ryan: Everyone's gotta be a bully these days.  What's the world come to?

Roland: The apocalypse.

Scene 46:
[The party enters the Tower of Magi.  From the outside, it is clear the tower has been badly
damaged.  The party needs to pass through the cave of shadow again, but without enemies.]

Elya: No...no...

Victor: I'm sorry.  I know...too well...

Roland: This isn't time for tears.  Tears can be shed after blood, not before.  There is an
accounting to be reckoned, and I'm eager for it.

Connor: I stand with you on that, Roland.

Roland: This looks like Golem work, does it not?

Elya: But...how could they get in?  The shield is impenetrable!  There's no way...no way...
how...

Roland: The Geist Cannon.  Nothing can withstand its might, not even the spells of mighty
wizards.  That means...as long as we're in here, we could be killed at any moment.

Victor: Then why don't we leave?

Connor: NO!  We need the Soul Gem.  It may still be here.

Victor: Doubtful.

Elya: No...it's here.  I feel it.  But...so is Kraith.

Roland: All the better, all the better.

Connor: Let's go then.  He's not getting away this time.

Victor: I'm itching to meet that Omega again.  I'd like to sink my claws into him.

Elya: God...watch over us.

Roland: God has forsaken us.  Now is the time for mankind to act for itself, as it did when
last the Unnamed reared his head.

Elya: God never forsakes us.  It is he who gives us the hope to fight on.  And now...let us
do just that!

Scene 47:
[Top of the Tower of the Magi.]
[The party has fought its way up the tower.  Many of the stairs they went up before were
destroyed, so they need to find alternate paths.  There are dead wizards all over the place,
and previously locked doors are now broken open, revealing treasure chests.  The enemies in the
tower are all Golem.  At the top, the destruction is extremely severe.  Kraith stands in front 
of the ArchMage, who is on his knees (I dunno if you can do this 16x16, it can be done very
well 16x24.)  The Soul Gem is behind the ArchMage.]

ArchMage: I'll...never...give...it...to...you!

Kraith: Kee kee!  You think you have a choice?  No choice, no voice, no no!  Nothing for you,
nowhere to hide, all you can do is lay down and die!

ArchMage: I'm not through yet!

Kraith: Through?  Oh, not through, not dead, not yet, yes yes.  Not yet, but soon!  Soon
enough all will be ... through!  Kee kee!  Throughout the whole world, darkness, darkness!

ArchMage: Why?

Kraith: Why?  "Why?" asks the fly.  Kee kee.  I...hate...you.  Life!  I wanted life, life here,
there, everywhere!  Trees, flowers, songbirds singing, children dancing, bears playing with
rabbits, yes yes!  But no, you said, no, you refused, you threw me out!  Threw?  Through!  You
said I was through, now you are through.  No life!  No more life!  Life is wrong...then...
death!  Death is right!

ArchMage: Then...DIE!

(The ArchMage stands, raises his hands, and a fireball flies at Kraith.  It stops before him
and disappears.  Kraith turns around.)

Kraith: Little heroes, little heroes, in you come!  What will you do?  You are THROUGH!  Kee
kee kee!

(Kraith turns back to the ArchMage and raises his hands.  Fire engulfes the mage, and he
collapses.  The party rushes toward Kraith, but from the ceiling drops Omega Golem, with a
loud thud.  Three more Golems enter from behind the heroes.)

Kraith: Last time!  Farewell, farewell!  Nothing is left, nothing is left!

Omega: Crush.  Kill.  Destroy.

(The battle commences, and is won.)

Scene 48:
[After the battle.]
[Same scene...the archmage is twitching on the ground.  I've acomplished a twitcihg effect just
by having the two frame animation be him lying on his face, for the left step, have him one
pixel to the left of where he normally would be, for the right step, have him one to the right,
so that he seems to be sort of shifting from side to side.  You guys can probably do something
better though.  Golem Omega is sparking in front of Connor.]

Omega: Connor...Connor...is that you?  I can't see...

Connor: What?

Omega: My love...is that you?

Connor: An...na?

Omega: Oh Connor...I hurt so much...I hurt...

(Omega explodes.)

Connor: ANNA!!!  Noo!  I killed her...I killed...my love.

Eyla: No, Connor, she was not your love when you struck her down.  You freed her from her
prison.  

ArchMage: Help...me...up.

(Elya rushes to the ArchMage's side.  He gets up on his knees again.)

ArchMage: So...powerful...

Elya: Don't worry, I'll heal you.

(Flash of light, maybe just doing her healing effect on ArchMage, like the battle graphic.)

ArchMage: It's...too...late.  He killed me...body...and soul...

Elya: But...

ArchMage: Quiet now...you are the last of the Magi.  Listen carefully.  With the Soul Gem, he
will be able to bring the Unnamed into this world, but only if he can obtain some remains of
the Unnamed...he will need to...

Roland: Too late.  He already has a part.

ArchMage: Then, it's...already over.  I can...but...

Elya: What?

ArchMage: So..little...left.  I will...raise...the three Temples.  They contain three powerful
Gems...with them...you may be able to stop Kraith.

(ArchMage falls forward again.)

Elya: He's...

(ArchMage returns to his knees.)

ArchMage: Not yet.

(There are some magical effects.  The screen changes to the desert outside of Kassim, where a
temple rises out of the said.  It then changes to the waters near Freeport, where one rises
out of the sea, and then finally to the mountains near Alutha, where one comes out from the
snow.  If you have any of the Crystals set up so that you need to "find" them, it should show
the dungeons or towns in which they are hidden at this point.  Not where they are, explicitly,
but just the general area.  It returns to the tower, in which the ArchMage collapses, dead.)

Connor: We were too late.

Elya: Maybe...with the Gems we can still stop him.

Victor: Somehow I doubt it.

Roland: We must try!  To accept failure is cowardice.  Never have the Aluthans given up, never
in our long history.  I will stand now.

Connor: And I.

Elya: It is my duty to the memory of my people.

Victor: And to the memory of mine.

Connor: Then together, let's pay Kraith his due.

NON LINEAR INTERLUDE:

At this point in the game, the player can go anywhere using Ryan's boat.  The next scenes will
be listed using letters, rather than numbers, to indicate that they are nonlinear and thus
unrelated.  The next "linear" scene will be denoted with the number 49.  Many of the "scenes"
below simply describe locations that have changed since the player last visited them.

Scene A:
[Arriving in Selera.]
[The town has been utterly destroyed.  The houses have been replaced by burnt out rubble, and
there are corpses (perhaps skeletons, since it's been a few days) on the ground.]

Connor: Oh God...

(Connor rushes through the town, but nothing is left alive.)

Connor: They're all dead...are you happy Roland?

Roland: Happy?  That the world has reached its end?  My vengeance for your people is exhausted,
Connor.  All my emotions are bent toward one man: Kraith.

Scene B:
[Arriving in Tagel Castle.]
[The castle has been destroyed, and rubble blocks entry.  The icons for both the castle and
the town should be changed, so that on the overworld it is clear that they have been
destroyed.]

Connor: What is there left to fight for?

Roland: Revenge.

Elysa: As long as there is life left in the world, we must fight on.

Scene C:
[Fairport]
[Fairport is essentially the only functional city left in the world.  The people there are
fairly optimistic, saying things like, "The end of the world?  We'll find a way to ride it
out."  The sailors speak of a temple that arose off their coast, and believe it may be the
home of an ancient sea God.  One sailor also tells the player about an island he found to the
south west.  As he tried to approach, a giant ball of fire shot from the island and nearly
destroyed his boat.  The weapons in Fairport have been powered up to match this section of the
plot.]

Scene D:
[Alutha]
[The people in the castle show a proud resilience.  They mention other terrors they've survived.
For example, one woman should say, "I lived through the Selerans, and kept my pride.  We
Aluthans never give up!"  Others wish Roland luck, etc.  The King promises to keep the castle
safe.  "These are hard walls, and harder people.  I will see to it that we survive.  But even
the tallest cliffs fall before the endless tides.  You stop Kraith, and I will see to it that
you have a home."  A guard or two should mention that a scouting patrol saw a strange temple
to the west of the castle, but had no time to investigate.]

Scene E:
[Kassin Oasis]
[The town has been razed, but there are surprisingly no corpses.  The Geist Cannon has been
taken, and the oasis has been muddied and ruined.]

Scene F:
[Pirate's Lair]
[In the Pirate's lair is a free inn, and a pub with some pirates to talk to.  They make boasts
like, "With Captain Red Arrow at the helm, you'll do just fine!"  Some express worries such as,
"If everyone else dies, who will we have to rob from?"  For the most part, they come off as
dolts.]

Scene G:
[Temple of the Sands]
[The Temple of the Sands is located near Kassim Oasis.  The people of Kassim Oasis fled there
when the Aluthan soldiers were coming.  The lowest level (the Temple is a pyramid) is where
they have been staying.  As this is the tomb of the Sultan who enslaved the Djinni, it might
be nice if you could have something in there -- perhaps coded to accomodate the gems they have
-- that clues the player in to how he can set up Djinni, maybe telling him one combo that
unlocks them.  Anyway, the whole place obviously has an Egyptian mottif.  I think it would be
amusing if we had the sarcophagus containing the gem -- and the mummy boss of the temple --
made to look like Hassan of Kassim Oasis.  The people in the Temple have little hope.  "We are
entombed in here to die, just like the workers who built it!"  "The end of the world is coming,
but for us, the world is already over."  "Hassan charges us outrageous rent to stay here."
Of course, Hassan himself has things to sell -- the best loot pilfered from the first floor
of the Temple.  The people also speak of the monsters on the upper floors.  This scene takes
place as the player first enters.  Hassan is standing by the door.  The interior should have
carvings, hieroglyphics, etc.  Obviously, each level of the dungeon gets smaller and smaller,
since it is a pyramid.  Might be nice to have traps, if you can program them, since pyramids
did have lots of traps.]

Hassan: Welcome, effendi, to my new home.  It is a large home, but could use more furniture,
yes?

Connor: Hassan?  How are you alive?

Hassan: I am a most resourceful man, am I not, effendi?  I know the ways of the desert like
the back of a coin.  This temple was built to honor my greatest of grandfathers, the venerable
Sultan Hassan I.  You see, had not your kingdom misunderstood the name of the Oasis, I might
be a Sultan still.

Victor: You look more like a merchant than a Sultan to me.

Hassan: Ah, but as we say here in the desert: do not believe it is water until you have tasted
it.  In the heat, images can shift and change, and true natures become hidden.

Elya: We are here to find a Gem of magical power.

Hassan: Ah yes.  The Sultan Hassan I was a wise man, and a powerful wadji.  It is certain that
he possessed such a Gem.  In fact, there is surely such a treasure here.  Yet I must warn you.  This
Gem will not come as easily as the last one, effendi.

Connor: Where is it?

Hassan: I do not know.  But know it is a dangerous place!  Around each corner lurks a monster.

Roland: We can handle it.

Hassan: Yes, but the monsters of this place are monsters of the ages past, trapped in here,
hungry, angry.  Be very careful!

Victor: I think you're holding out on us.

Hassan: Effendi, you hurt your friend Hassan.  Please, my humblest apologies, but I have nothing
else to give you.  Yet if you are needing a sword, or perhaps a potion, you may find my modest
wares to the north of here.

(Hassan leaves.)

Elya: Let's go.

(The party groups up, and continues.)

Scene H:
[Temple of the Waves]
[This temple is obviously going to have water throughout it.  I think it would be cool if
you could have puzzles based on wave patterns (cross a section while it's at the ebb of the
wave, or be swept downstream.)   It might also be cool -- I don't know if you could do this --
if this dungeon went under water, so that you have glass walls with fish and stuff behind them.
Probably not possible, but oh well.  You might also be able to have underwater sequences (where
you can be underwater for X amount of time before HP starts dropping.)  I would use a Kraken
as the final boss here -- a sort of play on the Fairport notion that "the God of the sea" lives
there.  Might be cool if there was a lot of flotsam around him, too, indicating that he'd sunk
some ships in his time.  This scene occurs as the ship enters.

Ryan: Well...I've never seen this place before.  It's not in any of the maps I've seen.

Eyla: The ArchMage raised it from the sea for us.

Ryan: Perhaps it is the legendary city of Pacifica.  An old sea tale says that a bunch of no
guts peace-lovers lived in here, until a massive beast called the kraken came knocking.  The
kraken killed 'em all, ate them up, and then pulled the city into the deep with it.  Doubt it's
true, except maybe that a bunch of fools lived here.

Eyla: Loving peace is not foolish.

Ryan: It is when you've got a sea-monster outside your door.

Scene I:
[Temple of Ice]
[The Temple of Ice is located near Alutha.  Sliding ice floors can make for some simple to
code puzzles.  I would like the final boss to be a mammoth frozen in ice, but I'm not sure the
GB has the capabilities of doing something like that.  I just think it would be a nice touch.
As the party picks up the crystal, the ice breaks, and they have to fight the mammoth.  If
you can do that, I'd like this scene.]

Victor: That thing is...huge!

Eyla: It's long dead.  Creatures like that can't survive in today's world.

Roland: Let's get the crystal.

Victor: Yeah...that thing bothers me.

(The party takes the crystal, the ice shatters, the mammoth roars.)

Victor: "Long dead."

(Battle commences.)

Eyla: I...<wheeze> told you...<huff> it couldn't survive in this world!


Scene J:
[Party approachs the island of the Great Dark.]

(A fireball streaks toward the ship.  It moves just in time to dodge it.)

Ryan: Whooooah!  That was a close one!

Eyla: Kraith must be using the Geist Cannon.  We don't stand a chance until we have the Gems.

Roland: The coward!  If only I had a chance to face him!

Victor: Believe me, we're all dying for the chance.

Ryan: Well, I think you'll all die as soon as you get the chance, so count me out.  Just think
of me as Captain Red Arrow, not "Mr. Save the World for Kicks."

Connor: What a surprise.

Victor: Ryan, you're a coward.

Ryan: Well, he who dies last, dies best, right?  Now go get those Gems before my boat gets
sunk.

Scene K:
[After the party has amassed all 9 crystals.  This scene ends the "non-linear" portion of the
game, though the player can still pick and choose between cities to visit.  The next 
destination is the isle of the Great Dark.]

Connor: That's the last of them.

Eyla: Now, we can but hope that their power will be sufficient.

Victor: If not, I've got a little something laid aside myself for Kraith.  I'd like to take
him out real close, and feel his blood on my hands.

Roland: If there's anything left of him after I'm through, you can run your hands through it
all you like.

Connor: Let's not get cocky now.  He has the Geist Cannon defending him, and all of his Golem.
It will take a miracle to succeed.

Roland: Miracles are all we have now, so we should do just fine.

Eyla: Truly spoken, Roland.  May God see us through.

Victor: And if he doesn't, to hell with him!

END INTERLUDE

Scene 49:
[Approaching the Isle of the Great Dark]
[I would handle this approach, and the approach in Scene J, by having it that there is an icon
of the island on the map, which then brings you to a second island (zoomed in) that you 
approach from a fixed direction (the south, I would say.)  This method was used in Dragon
Warrior 4 with great effect.  It allows these scenes to run smoothly, and adds some exploration
to the island.  The island should be mostly marsh.  The ruins of a castle (rubble, etc.) stand
in its center.  To the south of the rubble is the Geist Cannon, which is guarded by Golem.  In
the very middle is the body of Alutha -- perfectly preserved -- and the soul Gem, with Kraith
to the south.  This scene starts with Ryan's ship in the south.]

(The ship begins sailing north.  Fire balls begin flying at it.)

Ryan: Here it comes!  Brace yourselves!

(The fireball hits a barrier in front of the ship.)

Eyla: The power of the Gems protects us!

Ryan: Goodness gracious!

(Another fireball hits.)

Ryan: That means as soon as you get off, I'm toast.

Victor: What a shame.

Ryan: What that REALLY means is that as soon as you get off, I'm getting the hell out of here.

Connor: No turning back.

(Another fireball hits.)

Roland: There never has been.  Destiny only takes you forward.

Ryan: Maybe you guys, but it's taking me back where I came from.  And if you guys don't kill
this Kraith jerk, destiny will probably take me dancing around the world for as long as I've
got food.

Roland: What a noble sentiment.

(The boat is nearing shore.)

Ryan: Hey, tough guy?

Connor: What?

Ryan: Good luck!

(The boat docks and the party disembarks.  The boat sails off, dodging fireballs.)

Connor: Let's move!

Scene 50:
[The party reaches the Geist Cannon.]

Kraith: How can this be?  Little flies still not swatted?  Well then, you can kill them, my
children!

(The Golem attack.  The party wins.)

Kraith: Still alive!

Roland: My hate will keep me alive until you're dead.

Kraith: Hate?  You should LOVE!  Good men love, evil men hate.  If you hate, then how are you
better than me?  Kee kee!  I should kill YOU!

Victor: You have killed thousands already, demon!

Kraith: Kill one and you're a murderer...kill them all...and you're ME!  Kee kee kee!  I am
too strong, too strong for four, poor four, pour forth your blood!

Eyla: The spirits of the Magi will give me strength to avenge their deaths.

Connor: Anna...this is for you.

Victor: I am a man, and I will strike you down!

Roland: Alutha will never submit.

Kraith: Kee kee kee!  You are so scary!  But really, it's already too late!  Two late.  One
late.  Two become one later!

(Battle commences.)

Scene 51:
[The battle is over.  Kraith is on his knees.]

Kraith: Kee kee...my...blood...was...all...he needed!

(The screen darkens, and some evil effect [up to your graphical abilties] occurs over the
corpse of Alutha.  The Soul Gem shatters.)

Elya: No!

Kraith: Yes!

(Alutha stands, then begins flipping into the sprite for the Unnamed, a nice demon of some
kind.  It might be better if he were just some dark blob shape, but maybe a demon would be
easier to grasp.)

Unnamed: Fool.

Kraith: Yes!  Fools, all fools!

Unnamed: YOU are the fool, mortal.  You longed for death, but I am not a bringer of death.  I
am a bringer of evil.  Your pathetic scheming is nothing compared to what I shall inflict.  I
will bring torment without end, suffering that is incomprehensible to the mortal mind.  None
shall die, but rather all shall live forever, in eternal hell.

Kraith: NO!  Death!  Kill!  Destroy it all!

Unnamed: Do you think I am some Djinn to do your bidding, mortal?  I could strike you down now,
but I shall not.  You five, fool who would revive me, and greater fools who thought they could
defeat me: I shall let you live.  Live to watch my evil unfurl.

(The Unnamed disappears.)

Kraith: NO!  Come back!  Please...

Victor: It's over.

Roland: Well, I have one thing left to do.

(Roland draws his sword and begins moving toward Kraith.)

Kraith: How...could this be?  No death...death is...DEAD?  Impossible!  No no no!  Not this,
only death may live, yet now only death may die!  It is wrong!  Evil!

Connor: You have only yourself to blame.  But don't worry, you'll die here, now.

Kraith: But...wait!  Wait, yes, all is lost TOMORROW, all is lost TODAY, but all is not lost
YESTERDAY!

Victor: Well, then why don't you go back and live in yesterday.

Kraith: YES!  But no!  You will DIE in yesterday, and KILL in yesterday!  Yes!  Kill Alutha!

Connor: What are you talking about?

Kraith: Yesterday makes today!  Yes!  But unmake yesterday, remake today, and gone today is
the Unnamed!  Unknown!  Unkill death, unlive the Unnamed, free us!

Eyla: You mean...go back in time?  Impossible!

Kraith: No, death is impossible, nothing is impossible, yes, this is something possible!  Kee
kee!  One last trick!  Kee kee!

(Kraith stands, raises his arms.  A portal appears before him.)

Kraith: In in!  Go go!

Roland: Trust you again?  Never!

Eyla: It is the only chance we have.  Even the legendary wizard Gilus was barely able to contain
the Unnamed's magic, and at his side fought brave Alutha and Selera.  We are no equal to those
heroes.

Kraith: No match!  Kee kee!  Not for all, not at all, but for one, all for one!  Three may kill
one!  You will kill Alutha!

Connor: What does he mean?

Eyla: We will kill Alutha before he leaves the Great Dark.  We stand here on its ruins.  If
we were to go back in time, we could find Alutha and kill him after he kills the Unnamed.

Roland: And thus destroy the kingdom of Alutha?  How ironic.  King Aldric would be pleased.

Connor: Better that we sacrifice these things...so that the world may live.  The kingdom of
Alutha may disappear, but its people will survive.

Roland: Indeed.  The Aluthan people are strong.  I will stand beside you in this darkest hour.

Kraith: Kee kee!  Dark indeed!  Greater Dark within!  In in!

Victor: I don't trust him.

Roland: You stay here, kill Kraith when we pass through.

Kraith: Yes, death, death is good!

Victor: Thank you.  I'll relish it.

Eyla: Let's go!  If this is a trick...

Connor: Doesn't matter.  We're already dead anyway.

(The party steps into the portal.)

Scene 52:
[Through the portal]
[The Great Dark is the very castle in which scene 0A takes place.  This will be the penultimate
dungeon of the game.  Logically, the treasure chests should be empty -- Alutha, Selera, and
Gilus have already plundered the castle.  You can leave it that way if you want, I think it
would be better.  This dungeon should be long and hard.  Enemies should pretty much be overly
strong, in that the player is meant to feel weaker than the original three heroes who navigated
the Great Dark.  The party cannot leave (the gates are sealed) and there is no portal to take
them back.  This scene begins immediately after they teleport in.  They are standing next to
the gate.]

Connor: It...worked!

Roland: This place...chills me to the bones.

Elya: Indeed.  I can sense the evil in each stone.  It is overwhelming.  I...I...I can't go on.

Connor: Yes Elya, you can.  Together, we have the strength.

Roland: You have the two best knights of our age, Elya, and you are its last wizard.  Between
us, we represent the hope of all peoples of the world.

Elya: I...

Connor: Shh.  Don't talk.  Just trust in yourself.

(The party reforms.)

Scene 53:
[The party has made its way through some of the dungeon.]

Elya: Oh...the evil...it's getting stronger.

Connor: Even I can feel it now.

Roland: Hold on to your hate!  Let your anger carry you forward.

Elya: NO!  No, the Unnamed cannot be defeated with hate.  We must remember that we are acting
to save, not to kill.

Roland: We're not here to kill the Unnamed, we're here to kill my ancestor.

Elya: No, don't you see?  If you come in here with a weak heart, he will take it.  We cannot
allow the Unnamed to pass from Alutha into us.  We must be strong.

Connor: Think of Roland, Anna.

Roland: Think of Anna and not be filled with rage?  Easier that I think of Kraith!

Elya: Think of your father, then.  Think of the love he still holds in his heart, despite all
the evil that has been done to him.  We must kill for love, not for hatred.

Roland: I...my..my father is too good for me.

(Roland turns away.)

Connor: Roland, you have surpassed all others with your skill at the sword.  Now, you need but
be a knight in your heart.

Roland: Very well.  Trust in me.  I shall not fail.

Elya: Then..let's hurry.

Scene 54:
[The party watches the killing of the Unnamed.]
[The party at one point reaches a locked door.  They can go a floor higher, though.  From the
higher floor, they can look down on what was behind the door -- the end of the battle between
the original three heroes: Alutha, Selera, and Gilus.  They face off against the Unnamed.
Selera is on her knees, Gilus has his hands raised, Alutha his sword drawn.]

(The screen pans to focus on the old heroes and the Unnamed)

Selera: I'm...wounded.

Gilus: Inferno!

(The spell strikes the Unnamed, who in turn attacks Gilus, knocking him to his knees.)

Alutha: GILUS!  SELERA!

(Alutha strikes the Unnamed, who hits him back.)

Alutha: This...is for my friends!  For everyone who you've ruined!

(Alutha unleashes a flurry of attacks.  The Unnamed collapses, then disappears.)

Selera: You...you did it, my love!

(Selera and Gilus stand.)

Gilus: Something is wrong...the evil isn't disappearing.  I still feel it.

Selera: I can feel it too...

Alutha: Inside me...

Gilus: NO!  He's infected us with his taint!  Just like he did to turn the people of Finargin
into his slaves!

Alutha: So even in victory, we are defeated.

Gilus: Alutha, you must kill us!

Alutha: No...

Selera: Please, my love, you must.

Alutha: I cannot.

Gilus: You must!  He has touched us all.  If you allow us to live, we will be turned...you
alone have the strength to endure.

Alutha: NO!  Not this.  Anything but this.

Selera: My love, there can be nothing else.  You must return to make sure the world is kept
safe, and we must die to ensure that He does not survive.  You must protect our child.

Alutha: My love...

Gilus: Now!  Before it is too late!

Selera: Let your love guide your hand.

(Alutha strikes down first Selera, then Gilus.  He drops to his knees.)

Alutha: What have I done?  What sin have I committed to earn this torment?

(He rises to his his knees and walks out the door.  The screen pans back to the heroes.)

Connor: We need to hurry, before he escapes!

Roland: So that...is our sin.

Connor: Come on!

(The party reforms.)

Scene 55:
[The party confronts Alutha as he tries to leave.  He is just a bit outside the door that was
previously locked.]

Alutha: Who are you?

Connor: We need to kill you.

Alutha: What?  What are you talking about?  Are you His servants?

Elya: You must let us kill you, or everything you have fought for is for nothing.

Alutha: Explain yourselves!

Roland: We are from your future.  You will return to your kingdom, and make it proud and mighty.
But hatred will consume our nation, and Selera's...

Alutha: Impossible!  We loved each other.

Roland: I HAVE LIVED THAT HATRED!  It will happen!  In that chaos, your body will be stolen,
used to return the Unnamed to our world.  And none will be strong enough to oppose him.
Already, when we left, most of the world was destroyed.  If we had stayed, we would merely
have borne witness to the end of what little remained.  But know that our people were
among the the strongest.

Alutha: LIES!  He was ever the King of Lies.  I will not submit.  I will return and make a peace 
that shall endure forever.

Connor: With Selera's blood fresh on your blade?  Your history has already been written,
Alutha.  The only choice we have is to ensure you have no more history at all.

Elya: Trust us!

Alutha: Never!  I do not submit, I do not surrender.  My strength will carry me on.  Now stand
aside.

Roland: That pride is what destroyed us, Alutha.

Alutha: STAND ASIDE!

Roland: I cannot.  We cannot.  It is the only hope for the world.

Alutha: Stand aside, or die on my blade.

Roland: We are the same, Alutha.  Neither of us will yield.  Only there are three of us, and
but one of you.

Alutha: I have killed the Unnamed.  Do you think that three of His SLAVES are enough to defeat
me?

(The battle commences.)

Scene 56:
[Battle has ended.]
[Alutha has dropped to his knees.]

Alutha: How is this possible?

Connor: It is the only hope for the future.

Alutha: Selera...I'm sorry...I have failed you.

(Alutha collapses.)

Roland: I feel...evil...

Connor: The Unnamed's taint?

Elya: No, we have remained clean.  This was a dark deed, however.  We have succeeded in doing
the Unnamed's work, after a fashion.

Connor: No!  Not that.  We have undone his plots.  But...now what?

Roland: There was no portal going back.  We're trapped here.  To die.

Elya: Perhaps there is a way.  We must not lose hope.  Let us search the citadel.

Scene 57:
[Entering the portal.]
[If the player searches the bodies of the corpses, they will find Alutha's Sword, Gilus's
Staff, and Selera's Sword, the ultimate three weapons in the game.  As the proceed through the
door which was previously locked, they see that a portal now shimmers at the end of the room.
If they try to leave from the front gate (which was initially locked) they will find that it
is still locked.  There is no way out from the citadel save the portal.  This scene starts as
the player tries to step through it.]

Connor: I suppose...this is the only way?

Roland: Always forward.  It is either through here or wait for death: the same choice we faced
on the island.

Elya: He is correct.  I sense this portal is different from the others, however.  It does not
merely pass through time...

Connor: Well, we have no choice.

(Scene ends.)

Scene 58:
[Through the portal.]
[The player may try to enter the portal again, and this time he steps through.  There is a
flash of light.  As the light fades, Connor is alone in his bed in Selera.  In front of him
stands Anna -- his wife.]

(Connor gets out of bed.)

Anna: Good morning, my love.

Connor: Anna?

Anna: I've been waiting for you.

Connor: Is this heaven.

Anna: Heaven?  It is heaven to be with you, my angel.

Connor: Wha...what day is this?

Anna: It is the sixteenth.

Connor: What month, what year?!

Anna: What's wrong, Connor?  You must've been having a nightmare.

Connor: Please, just tell me.

Anna: July, 641.

Connor: Oh God...no...just one more day...

Anna: The same day it has been, and shall remain, forever.

Connor: What do you mean?

Anna: You'll see.  Go visit your friends, I'll be waiting for you.  I've been waiting for
a long time, I can wait a bit longer.

Scene 59:
[Connor speaks to a boy in town.]
[The people in Selera are happy, and happy to explain to Connor what is happening.  Many of
them are less specific, and merely say things like, "The sun always shines here, and there is
always more than enough to eat!"  Connor should ask one, "Is anyone sick?  Has anyone become
ill?"  The answer is no.  The graveyard is missing all of the graves that occur from the 
Plague.  He asks one person, "What about the war?!"  The person responds, "What war?  It is
peaceful here."  Shops don't sell anything.  The shopkeepers say things like, "No one needs
gold here.  We're all happy without it!"  The innkeeper says, "A room?  Why?  There's no need
to sleep!"  The player cannot leave town.  Walking to the edge of the map does nothing.  Perhaps
there should be some sort of misty barrier around the edge of town.]

Connor: Where am I?

Boy: You are within your Joyous Day, Connor.  This is where you will stay.  Those who leave 
space and time come here, to live out their happiest moment for eternity.

Connor: Is this Heaven?

Boy: It is YOUR Heaven, Connor.  We are only here for your sake.

Connor: But what about the Plague, the War...?

Boy: None of that has happened here, nor ever will happen.  This is a moment of joy.

(Suddenly, the screen darkens a bit.)

Boy: What's happening?

Connor: Don't you know?!

Boy: I'm scared!

Scene 60:
[Talking to Anna again.]
[Now everyone in the town is worried.  "What is happening?" "I'm scared!" "It's never been this
way before...what's going to become of us?!"  As before, the shops sell nothing, but merely
talk to the hero.]

Anna: What's happening, Connor?

Connor: I don't know.

Anna: Why is this happening?

Connor: I...I need to find out, Anna.

(Suddenly a portal opens in the room.)

Connor: Anna...

Anna: What is it?

Connor: I need to go through.  Will you come with me?

Anna: I only exist here, Connor.  I only exist while you're here.  If you leave...I will be
gone.

Connor: MY LOVE!

Anna: But, Connor...I know your heart.  You cannot live in a fantasy forever.  Step through.
Be strong for me.  Remember me.

Connor: Anna, I can't leave!

Anna: Don't you see, Connor?  As long as you remember me, our Day will last forever in your
soul.  We'll be together until all else ends.

Connor: Anna...

Anna: Go through.

(Player takes control.)

Scene 61:
[The player steps through.]
[Talking to Anna gets, "Go through, my love."  Talking to other townspeople generates the same
response.  Stepping through the portal brings the player into an even darker "Joyous Day."
This day is merely a childhood day of Roland's when he and Anna were kids together.  It takes
place in Alutha Castle.]

Connor: Where...where am I now?

Scene 62:
[Connor finds Roland.]
[Talking to the people in this Day receives answers like, "It's growing dark, but our King will
protect us."  "Who are you?"  "What are you doing here...you aren't from this Day!"  "The light
of Alutha shines brightest in the darkness."  Eventually, Connor finds Roland and Anna playing
in a courtyard.  As he walks in, the scene commences.]

Girl: Roland!  No fair!  You got to be the hero yesterday!  It's my turn today!

Roland: That's because I'm the BOY, Anna!

Girl: No fair!

Connor: Rol...Roland?

Roland: Who are you?

Connor: These Joyous Days aren't real, Roland.  There is something more important happening.

Roland: I don't know who you are, go away!

Connor: Yes you do, Roland.  We're brothers.  Don't hide...it's not like you.  You have
never hidden from a fight.

(Boy Roland transforms into a full grown Roland.)

Roland: You're right.

Anna: Roland?

(Roland turns back to Anna.)

Roland: I'll come back and play with you later, sis.  But for now, I've got a job to do.  Keep
safe...and...don't skin your knees.

Anna: I won't!  Who's the other boy with you?  He looks nice.

Roland: He is, Anna.  He is.  You'll get to meet him later.

(Roland turns to Connor.)

Roland: Come on.  Where do we go now?

Scene 63:
[Stepping into the next portal.]
[The next portal is found in the crypt, where the body of Alutha was.]

Roland: Where will this one take us?

Connor: I don't know.

Roland: These days are disappearing...turning into night.

Connor: I know.  Something is wrong.

Roland: Let's go.

Scene 64:
[Stepped through the portal.]
[This day is almost completely black.  It is a mockery of the old Tower of Magi.  The party
has appeared at the end of the Trial of Magi, where Elya is waiting.]

Elya: I was waiting for you.

Connor: How...what...is happening?

Elya: The Joyous Days are the resting places of souls that have been cast out of space and
time.  By slaying Alutha, we changed our futures, so that we no longer exist in that time.  
If all were right, we should stay in these Days forever.

Roland: But these portals are appearing?

Elya: I created the portals.  The darkness falling here is a shadow cast by the Unnamed.  He
has somehow crept into the Joyous Days.  From here, He can destroy all happy memories for all
who have ever lived, or ever will live, turning the Days into Grievious Nights.

Connor: How can we stop him?

Elya: There is one more portal, at the top of the Tower.  Passing through it will bring us
to His Day, where we must face Him.  If we can destroy Him there, He will be destroyed utterly:
no trace of Him will remain in any past, any future, any present.

Roland: And if we fail?

Elya: Then we have failed in everything we have fought for, this whole quest.

Connor: Then we shall not fail!

Elya: Be wary!  All is not as it seems here...He has already corrupted my Joyous Day entirely.
It is a reflection of the chaos within His evil.

Roland: My sword will be ready.

Scene 65:
[Stepping into the last portal.]
[The Tower of the Magi is totally disjointed, its Day is ruined.  I'm not sure the best way
to create this effect, but I'm sure you can figure out good effects.  Maybe dischordant music,
strange dungeon lay out, Magi talking in gibberish throughout, etc.  There is no final boss
to this dungeon, just the portal.  I think weird effects, like magi walking backwards, stairs
not connecting to each other, etc. would accomplish the feel I'm looking for here.  This Day
is supposed to hint a the utter disorder and chaos contained within the Unnamed.]

Elya: Are you ready?  Beyond this there is only suffering.

Roland: All my life, I dreamed of facing a legendary evil, proving the worth of my people.  Now
I have the chance.

Connor: Our hope shall see us through.

Elya: God watch over us.

Scene 66:
[Stepped through.]
[This scene is completely dark.  The Unnamed's Joyous Day has fully become the Grievous Night.
Standing alone in the center of the darkness in the Unnamed.]

Connor: We've come to destroy you at last, demon!

Unnamed: Of course.  Yet what gives you mortals the right to bring war to me?  I am driven by
motives no different from yours.

Roland: Liar!  You are the King of Lies.  Your motives are foul: inflicting pain; ruining hopes;
crushing dreams!

Unnamed: Yet you would crush my dreams, would you not?  Ruin my hopes?  You ruined the hopes of
the fool Kraith.  Each of us has dreams, and we struggle fiercely to achieve them.  What makes yours
just, and mine unjust?

Connor: You have killed hundreds for your dream!  Your dream destroys all others!

Unnamed: And yours has not?  How many thousands of souls did you force into the Joyous Day by
rewriting history?  How many creatures did you kill along the way to facing me?  All these
"monsters" as you deem them had dreams, did they not?  All the humans in your present, all those
who would exist in that future, whose future you stole -- are their dreams not ruined?

Connor: We acted to stop you!

Unnamed: Ahhh...so your dreams take precendence over theirs?  Come then: I will grant you
your dreams.  Connor, return to Anna.  Elya, gloat over the chauvanist Magi who denied you a
place in their ranks.  Roland, live your childhood for eternity.  I shall leave your Days
untouched.  The rest shall be ground to dust.

Elya: To betray my conscience...that would ruin any joy I could ever feel.

Unnamed: Come now, don't be a fool, girl!  You have all betrayed your consciences already.
You allowed Victor to live, when you knew he was a threat to you all.  Roland, you gave up your
revenge against Connor, against Kraith, against Selera, betraying everything you lived for.
And Connor!  Oh, Connor, you betrayed Anna, you betrayed Roland, you betrayed yourself when
you allowed Aldric to lock you in your home.  You sat there and lived happily with your wife
while Alutha was ruined.  Don't tell me that you have stayed true -- that is but one more lie
in your long littany of falsehoods.

Connor: We have changed our minds, yes!  That is part of life!  But the "betrayals" you speak
of were for the good.  Our souls came to peace.  We turned away from hatred, from mistrust,
from violence.  This promise of yours is the greatest lie!  There will be no "Joyous Dream." 
I cannot return to Anna having turned my back on everything our love stood for.

Roland: I have let go of vengeance, so that I may be pure of heart when I destroy you, demon!

Elya: I have learned it is wrong to judge others...yet you have judged yourself, Unnamed.  Now face 
your punishment.

Unnamed: You will not turn aside?  Then fall before me!

(The Unnamed raises his hands, but suddenly the images of Gilus, Selera, and Alutha appear
around him)

Alutha: Here, where time and space mean nothing, we can stop you again, Nameless One!

(The three heroes glow, then disappear.)

Unnamed: How...can...it be?  My powers...are...diminished.  I am made mortal!

Connor: And now you shall die.

Unnamed: I still have power enough to defeat you fools!

(Battle commences.  During the fight, the Unnamed can summon up shadow creatures to fight for
him, providing him with endless henchmen.  When he is defeated, the screen flashes to white,
and stays that way for a moment.  The next scenes are all in grayscale, rather than color.)

Scene 67:
[Autoruns after the battle ends.]
[It is in the Great Wood.  Victor, in human form, is leading children through the Wood.]

(Victor walks some way with the children.)

Victor: Now, look, you need to feel the Wood around you, hear its calls and smell its scents.
You'll all be Guides too, some day.  Better ones than me, I'm sure!

Boy: Impossible!

Victor: Anything is possible.

(Fade out)

Scene 68:
[Autoruns after 67]
[Ryan is standing in Fairport, by the harbor.  A merchant is talking to him.  People move
through the town in the background.]

Merchant: Five...five...five thousand gold?!  That's robbery!

Ryan: Well, that's what it's gonna cost ya, so pay up or shut up.

Merchant: You would make a better pirate than a merchant!

Ryan: Wouldn't I though?

(Fade out)

Scene 69:
[Autoruns after 68]
[Elya is standing at the top of the Tower of Magi.  Two female apprentices stand in front of
her.]

Girl: Archmage!  I think I finally mastered the fire spell!

Elya: Congratulations, Cecille!  I can't wait to see what else you'll learn.  If you believe
in yourself, you can accomplish anything.

Scene 70:
[Autoruns after 69]
[Kraith stands in the middle of a field.  He should no longer have his black robes or hat, he
is now simply an ordinary looking person.  He will be identifiable only by his dialogue.  The
field is a farm field, with plants growing.]

Man: Grow, grow, ho ho!  Life is good, life I should...

(Man turns north.)

Man: Or...maybe...death is good!  Kill kill!

(Man turns south.)

Man: Nah.  Life is better.


Scene 71:
[Autoruns after 70]
[Roland stands alone in the Mountain Pass by himself.  He is looking north, over a cliff.]

Roland: Somewhere...my destiny is waiting for me.  I will find an enemy powerful enough to
prove my mettle.  Then, all the world will know of the strength of my people.

(Fade out.)

Scene 72:
[Autoruns after 71]
[There is a bit of a delay between 70 and 71.  Unlike the preceeding scenes, this one is in
color.  Connor is lying in his bed, the clock is ticking, just as it was in Scene 1.]

(Sound of a clock ticking, the screen is slightly darkened.)
(Connor lies in bed, turning restlessly from side to side.)
(Sound of a knock at the door.)

Connor: Anna?  Anna...is that you?

(Another knock.  Connor awakens and gets out of bed.  Screen brightens.)

Connor: Who could be...what is going on?  Was it all a dream?  A nightmare?  Or is this another
Joyous Day?

(Another knock.)

(Connor walks down to the first floor.  He stands facing the door.  There is another knock.)

Connor: Who is it?

(The door opens and in walks Anna.)

Connor: My love!

(They walk to each other and embrace.  The screen fades to black.)

THE END
