SELERA
Connor:
It's a book of poetry, that ends with the unfinished poem, "Fallen Time."

Item: (7,1)
The bookcase is filled with standard texts found in any apothecary, describing the function of healing herbs, magical restoratives,
and other useful medicines.

House1: (8,1)
A History of Selera. The mutli-tome history of the empire of Selera begins with the city's fabled founding by a prophet of God, moves
through its renaming after the great sacrifice made by Selera for her people, and ends shortly after the sundering of the peace with
Alutha.

KASSIM
ks_hous1: (1,1)
Empire of the Sands. It is a historical treatise, though it seems more fictitious than factual, describing an ancient empire that
ruled over this entire region, led by kings who worshipped the dead and drew great power from spirits.

HOLBROOKE
hb_weap: (2,1)
A book of children's songs is here, seemingly out of place for a weaponshop.  The book falls open to an old nursery rhyme.
"We danced for joy, we danced for life / around the flowers, upon the fields / In times of peace, in times of strife, / We danced
for love that never yields."

FAIRPORT
fp_hous2: (1,1)
The cartography of a great explorer named Caius Argorus, who claimed to have discovered a land beyond the great seas, peopled by
folk of different custom and appearance.  The charts are time-worn and almost impossible to read, and would be useless for any form
of navigation.

fphous3: (7,1)
A children's story called "The Song of Eliandra." It tells of a beautiful woman who, fleeing pursuit by an unwanted suitor, escaped
into a forest. When she was surrounded by the suitor and his servants, she prayed to God for protection, and transformed into a great
and dignified tree. It is said that her song calls out to unhappy souls, and comforts them in their time of need.

fpinn2: (3,1)
A wide variety of popular novels are here for the perusal of those staying in the inn.  Most of them featurely luridly painted covers
depicting swashbuckling heroes with misproportioned females hanging on their arms.

fp_weap: (1,1)
Aside from diagrams of various weapons and suits of armor, there is a single, leather-bound text describing a fabled race called the
niebelung, who were said to have forged a weapon of incomparable virtue.

fp_mns_c: (1,1) (2,1)
How to Succeed in Shipping Without Really Trying. The book seems partial to techniques such as price fixing and forcibly removing the
competition, and its conception of the "common man" seems to consider sloth and idiocy inherent qualities.

Eastern Secrets for Married Couples.  Probably not a good idea to look through this.

ALUTHA
al_house: (6,1)
This bookcase holds only The Litany of Rememberance. "Remember that Alutha gave up all: life, honor, love.
Remember that beside him Selera and Gilus gave up no less.  Remember that we must honor their sacrifices by making sacrifices no
less great.  Remember that duty comes before pleasure.  Remember that death comes before dishonor."

MAGI
mg_arch: (9,2)
The personal research of the ArchMage, delving into elementalism and temporal manipulation.
