The Cult of the Sacred Flame.  It is a dusty tome describing an old sect of the
Magi, which was purged and driven from the Tower, who believed that all mankind
was part of a cosmic plan which bound them to specific roles in an ordered
society.


The Gilean Codex.  Within this single, huge volume are all the laws and
precepts laid down by the archmage Gilus.  It deals extensively with the
commandment against the creation of life, and with restrictions on worship of
the elements or other heresies.


It seems someone has filled this bookcase with trashy novels.  The majority of
them appear to be part of a series called simply "The Chronicler."


A Brief History of Magic, Part I.  This traces the existence of magic from its
creation in the Great Effulsion to its physical manifestation in the prophet
Amintakhesa.


A Brief History of Magic, Part II.  This continuation of the massive history
tells of the foundation of the Tower, the struggle of the orders -- in which
the cultists and their archons were driven forth to forever leave the realms of
men -- and the ascendance of Gilus, the first true archmage.


A Brief History of Magic, Part III.  In this conclusion, the history deals with
the Period of Mourning following the death of Gilus at the hands of Alutha, the
slow and steady decline in numbers of magi, and even recent events concerning
the rogue wizard, Kraith.  It appears to be incomplete.


Tinctures and Ungents: A Compendium.  Everything from curing warts to stirring
the libido.  Many sections have hand-written notes in the margin.


A Treatise on the Unnamed.  A very scholarly examination of the coming of the
Unnamed and the havoc he wreaked upon the world.  Apparently, fully two-thirds
of the world's population was wiped out in the great wars against his demonic
hordes.  The author seems unclear on where the Unnamed came from, describing
his home as "outside of space and time."


Ether and Matter.  Though many passages have been excised from this book, it is
clear that the topic is a theory that all things can be divided into two
distinct substances: ether and matter.  The book posits that magi have a
disproportionate amount of ether within them, thus gifting them with great
powers.


List of Masters.  It is a single vellum scroll of phenomenal length.  Hundreds
of names, some more faded than others, run the length of the scroll, though
there is plenty of space below for additional names.  Beside the names are
three dates, though the more recent masters have only two.


The Myth of the Djinni.  This lengthy and expansive essay deals with the
evolution of the myth of the djinni, and explains how it evolved out of
superstitions involving the great magical power of the certain gemstones.  The
author states that the gems in fact derive their power from the ancient heroes
themselves: Gilus, Selera, and the traitor Alutha.  Before venturing into the
Great Dark, Gilus bound the strength of the heroes to various impotent stones,
so that if anything should befall them, their powers might be gathered by other
warriors brave enough to face the Unnamed.  The author believes that this
binding of their powers to the stones may have given rise to the belief that
spirits inhabited the gems.


Inquest into the Affairs of Alutha and Selera.  These appear to be notes taken
by various spies sent to the nations of Alutha and Selera.  They catalogue the
events of the Great War between the two countries in 638, including the
so-called Massacre at Durgardt.  It continues with the virulent plagues of 641
and 642, and even contains figures concerning the build-up of Aluthan troops
from 649 to the present.


Notes for Review.  Apprentices over the years have compiled their notes to help
future students.  Most are cryptic and incomprehensible to the uninitiated;
however, one scroll describes the importance of stocking up on magical
restoratives before venturing into the final Trials.


Record of Proscriptions.  This scroll contains a list of names -- most of the
early ones are marked as "Cult Heretics" -- which have be crossed out.  At the
bottom of the list are two names: Gutana and Kraith.


The Gathering.  This appears to be the journal of a deranged wizard of some
sort, who vowed that he would be able to defeat all the others if only he had
the aurum to buy better cards.



BOOKS (the remaining ones for ToM; before, btw, they were to be grouped in order, since three books for each set of bookcases, etc.)

Greater and Lesser Gems.  A study of the creation of magical receptacles, specifically the use of gemstones to store magical
energies over long periods of time.  The author refers to three types of these gems: the Greatest Gem, or the Soul Gem, as the
Selerans call it, which has the power to extend life, augment magical potential, and provide clairvoyance; the Greater Gems, which
were sealed by Gilus in the Three Temples before his battle against the Unnamed; and the Lesser Gems, created by the earlier
ArchMages, which have been lost over time.  Of them, only the Carnelian gemstone remains in the possession of the magi.

The Semiotics of Magic.  A study of magical vernacular, with specific interest in the use of such phrases as "Abracadabra" and
"Shazzam!" It seems like the author has had tenure as a full Master for quite some time.

Elemental Qualities.  In this carefully worded treatise, a Master Mage seeks to examine the relation of the four primal elements
to living organisms.  He notes that many creatures, particularly monsters spawned during the war against the Unnamed, seem to
possess high levels of tolerance to certain elemental attacks, while relatively low levels of tolerance to others.
The author footnotes a reference to an old myth that describes the dreaded Kraken as being afraid only of lightning, and also
cites the weakness of certain woodland creatures against flames.

Here Be Dragons.  A history of the search for the mythical draconian creatures.  The author is highly skeptical, pointing out that
every region in which dragons were identifying as living was historically inaccessible, thus casting doubt on the existance of the
beasts.  He does, however, note that several bones of immense size have been unearthed, perhaps lending credence to ancient legends.

Encyclopaedia Monstrum.  A grand survey of various monsters studied since the war against the Unnamed.  Though most of the
information seems commonsensical, and somewhat out of date, the tome tries to trace the development of these creatures, their
migrations and evolutions.  It comes to the conclusion that there is a degradation of monsters as they leave their traditional
strongholds, as if the more powerful creatures drove the weaker ones out.

Metamorphoses.  This entire bookcase is filled with studies of transformations and transmutations, both magically documents and
mythically described.  It comes to the conclusion that most of the mythical transformations, such as the fables "The Song of Eliandra"
and "The Petrification of the Devout Smith" are didactical metaphors, not true stories.
